<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS09_B6_3_14" base="SL32626765" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B6.3.14</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B6.3.14" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS09_P1528" class="- topic/p ">For example, an entity issues debt in an environment in which inflation-linked bonds have a volume and term structure that results in a sufficiently liquid market that allows constructing a term structure of zero-coupon real interest rates. This means that for the respective currency, inflation is a relevant factor that is separately considered by the debt markets. In those circumstances the inflation risk component could be determined by discounting the cash flows of the hedged debt instrument using the term structure of zero-coupon real interest rates (ie in a manner similar to how a risk‑free (nominal) interest rate component can be determined). Conversely, in many cases an inflation risk component is not separately identifiable and reliably measurable. For example, an entity issues only nominal interest rate debt in an environment with a market for inflation-linked bonds that is not sufficiently liquid to allow a term structure of zero-coupon real interest rates to be constructed. In this case the analysis of the market structure and of the facts and circumstances does not support the entity concluding that inflation is a relevant factor that is separately considered by the debt markets. Hence, the entity cannot overcome the rebuttable presumption that inflation risk that is not contractually specified is not separately identifiable and reliably measurable. Consequently, an inflation risk component would not be eligible for designation as the hedged item. This applies irrespective of any inflation hedging instrument that the entity has actually entered into. In particular, the entity cannot simply impute the terms and conditions of the actual inflation hedging instrument by projecting its terms and conditions onto the nominal interest rate debt. </p></body></paragraph>