<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS09_B4_1_14" base="F32571589" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B4.1.14</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B4.1.14" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS09_P1127" class="- topic/p ">The following examples illustrate contractual cash flows that are not solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. This list of examples is not exhaustive.</p><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL32626666" frame="all" orient="port" id="IFRS09_TAB0005" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="1" rowsep="1" colname="C1" colwidth="1*" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="left" colnum="2" colsep="1" rowsep="1" colname="C2" colwidth="1*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               Instrument             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               Analysis             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F32571621" id="IFRS09_P1130" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Instrument F</b></p>               <p base="F32571624" id="IFRS09_P1131" class="- topic/p ">Instrument F is a bond that is convertible into a fixed number of equity instruments of the issuer.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F32571625" id="IFRS09_P1132" class="- topic/p ">The holder would analyse the convertible bond in its entirety.</p>               <p base="F32571626" id="IFRS09_P1133" class="- topic/p ">The contractual cash flows are not payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding because they reflect a return that is inconsistent with a basic lending arrangement (see <xref href="IFRS09_B4.1.7A.dita#IFRS09_B4_1_7A" base="F42005172" id="IFRS09_X1228" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B4.1.7A</xref>); ie the return is linked to the value of the equity of the issuer.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F32571627" id="IFRS09_P1134" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Instrument G</b></p>               <p base="F32571630" id="IFRS09_P1135" class="- topic/p ">Instrument G is a loan that pays an inverse floating interest rate (ie the interest rate has an inverse relationship to market interest rates).</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F32571637" id="IFRS09_P1136" class="- topic/p ">The contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.</p>               <p base="F32571638" id="IFRS09_P1137" class="- topic/p ">The interest amounts are not consideration for the time value of money on the principal amount outstanding.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F32571631" id="IFRS09_P1138" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Instrument H</b></p>               <p base="F32571634" id="IFRS09_P1139" class="- topic/p ">Instrument H is a perpetual instrument but the issuer may call the instrument at any point and pay the holder the par amount plus accrued interest due.</p>               <p base="F32571635" id="IFRS09_P1140" class="- topic/p ">Instrument H pays a market interest rate but payment of interest cannot be made unless the issuer is able to remain solvent immediately afterwards.</p>               <p base="F32571636" id="IFRS09_P1141" class="- topic/p ">Deferred interest does not accrue additional interest.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F32571639" id="IFRS09_P1142" class="- topic/p ">The contractual cash flows are not payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. That is because the issuer may be required to defer interest payments and additional interest does not accrue on those deferred interest amounts. As a result, interest amounts are not consideration for the time value of money on the principal amount outstanding.</p>               <p base="F32571640" id="IFRS09_P1143" class="- topic/p ">If interest accrued on the deferred amounts, the contractual cash flows could be payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS09_P1144" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F32571641" id="IFRS09_P1145" class="- topic/p ">The fact that Instrument H is perpetual does not in itself mean that the contractual cash flows are not payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. In effect, a perpetual instrument has continuous (multiple) extension options. Such options may result in contractual cash flows that are payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding if interest payments are mandatory and must be paid in perpetuity.</p>               <p base="F32571642" id="IFRS09_P1146" class="- topic/p ">Also, the fact that Instrument H is callable does not mean that the contractual cash flows are not payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding unless it is callable at an amount that does not substantially reflect payment of outstanding principal and interest on that principal amount outstanding. Even if the callable amount includes an amount that reasonably compensates the holder for the early termination of the instrument, the contractual cash flows could be payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. (See also <xref href="IFRS09_B4.1.12.dita#IFRS09_B4_1_12" base="F42005173" id="IFRS09_X1229" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B4.1.12</xref>.)</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>