<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS09_B4_1_4C" base="F32571465" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B4.1.4C</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B4.1.4C" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS09_P1039" class="- topic/p ">The following are examples of when the objective of the entity’s business model may be achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. This list of examples is not exhaustive. Furthermore, the examples are not intended to describe all the factors that may be relevant to the assessment of the entity’s business model nor specify the relative importance of the factors.</p><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL32571597" frame="all" orient="port" id="IFRS09_TAB0003" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="1" rowsep="1" colname="C1" colwidth="1*" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="left" colnum="2" colsep="1" rowsep="1" colname="C2" colwidth="1*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               Example             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               Analysis             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F32571475" id="IFRS09_P1042" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 5</b></p>               <p base="F32571480" id="IFRS09_P1043" class="- topic/p ">An entity anticipates capital expenditure in a few years. The entity invests its excess cash in short and long-term financial assets so that it can fund the expenditure when the need arises. Many of the financial assets have contractual lives that exceed the entity’s anticipated investment period.</p>               <p base="F32571481" id="IFRS09_P1044" class="- topic/p ">The entity will hold financial assets to collect the contractual cash flows and, when an opportunity arises, it will sell financial assets to re‑invest the cash in financial assets with a higher return.</p>               <p base="F32571483" id="IFRS09_P1045" class="- topic/p ">The managers responsible for the portfolio are remunerated based on the overall return generated by the portfolio.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F32571484" id="IFRS09_P1046" class="- topic/p ">The objective of the business model is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. The entity will make decisions on an ongoing basis about whether collecting contractual cash flows or selling financial assets will maximise the return on the portfolio until the need arises for the invested cash.</p>               <p base="F32571487" id="IFRS09_P1047" class="- topic/p ">In contrast, consider an entity that anticipates a cash outflow in five years to fund capital expenditure and invests excess cash in short-term financial assets. When the investments mature, the entity reinvests the cash in new short-term financial assets. The entity maintains this strategy until the funds are needed, at which time the entity uses the proceeds from the maturing financial assets to fund the capital expenditure. Only sales that are insignificant in value occur before maturity (unless there is an increase in credit risk). The objective of this contrasting business model is to hold financial assets to collect contractual cash flows.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F32571488" id="IFRS09_P1048" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 6</b></p>               <p base="F32571491" id="IFRS09_P1049" class="- topic/p ">A financial institution holds financial assets to meet its everyday liquidity needs. The entity seeks to minimise the costs of managing those liquidity needs and therefore actively manages the return on the portfolio. That return consists of collecting contractual payments as well as gains and losses from the sale of financial assets.</p>               <p base="F32571492" id="IFRS09_P1050" class="- topic/p ">As a result, the entity holds financial assets to collect contractual cash flows and sells financial assets to reinvest in higher yielding financial assets or to better match the duration of its liabilities. In the past, this strategy has resulted in frequent sales activity and such sales have been significant in value. This activity is expected to continue in the future.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F32571493" id="IFRS09_P1051" class="- topic/p ">The objective of the business model is to maximise the return on the portfolio to meet everyday liquidity needs and the entity achieves that objective by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. In other words, both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets are integral to achieving the business model’s objective.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F32571494" id="IFRS09_P1052" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 7</b></p>               <p base="F32571497" id="IFRS09_P1053" class="- topic/p ">An insurer holds financial assets in order to fund insurance contract liabilities. The insurer uses the proceeds from the contractual cash flows on the financial assets to settle insurance contract liabilities as they come due. To ensure that the contractual cash flows from the financial assets are sufficient to settle those liabilities, the insurer undertakes significant buying and selling activity on a regular basis to rebalance its portfolio of assets and to meet cash flow needs as they arise.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F32571498" id="IFRS09_P1054" class="- topic/p ">The objective of the business model is to fund the insurance contract liabilities. To achieve this objective, the entity collects contractual cash flows as they come due and sells financial assets to maintain the desired profile of the asset portfolio. Thus both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets are integral to achieving the business model’s objective.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>