<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS01_IG3" base="F7283870" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">IG3</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 1" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IG3" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS01_P0761" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS01_g14-17.dita#IFRS01_g14_17" base="F15826243" id="IFRS01_X1017" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraphs 14–17</xref> of the IFRS require some modifications to the principles in <xref href="../ias10/IAS10_TOC0001.dita#IAS10_TOC0001" base="F15826290" id="IFRS01_X1018" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 10</xref> when a first‑time adopter determines whether changes in estimates are adjusting or non‑adjusting events at the date of transition to IFRSs (or, when applicable, the end of the comparative period). Cases 1 and 2 below illustrate those modifications. In case 3 below, <xref href="IFRS01_g14-17.dita#IFRS01_g14_17" base="F15826289" id="IFRS01_X1019" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 14–17</xref> of the IFRS do not require modifications to the principles in IAS 10. </p><ol outputclass="static" base="F7283872" id="IFRS01_L0081" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="F7283873" id="IFRS01_P0762" class="- topic/p ">Case 1—Previous GAAP required estimates of similar items for the date of transition to IFRSs, using an accounting policy that is consistent with IFRSs. In this case, the estimates in accordance with IFRSs need to be consistent with estimates made for that date in accordance with previous GAAP, unless there is objective evidence that those estimates were in error (see <xref href="../ias08/IAS08_TOC.dita#IAS08_TOC0001" base="F15826291" id="IFRS01_X1020" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph></xref>). The entity reports later revisions to those estimates as events of the period in which it makes the revisions, rather than as adjusting events resulting from the receipt of further evidence about conditions that existed at the date of transition to IFRSs.</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="F7283875" id="IFRS01_P0764" class="- topic/p ">Case 2—Previous GAAP required estimates of similar items for the date of transition to IFRSs, but the entity made those estimates using accounting policies that are not consistent with its accounting policies in accordance with IFRSs. In this case, the estimates in accordance with IFRSs need to be consistent with the estimates required in accordance with previous GAAP for that date (unless there is objective evidence that those estimates were in error), after adjusting for the difference in accounting policies. The opening IFRS statement of financial position reflects those adjustments for the difference in accounting policies. As in case 1, the entity reports later revisions to those estimates as events of the period in which it makes the revisions.</p>         <p base="F7283880" id="IFRS01_P0765" class="- topic/p ">For example, previous GAAP may have required an entity to recognise and measure provisions on a basis consistent with <xref href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" base="F15826293" id="IFRS01_X1022" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 37 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph></xref>, except that the previous GAAP measurement was on an undiscounted basis. In this example, the entity uses the estimates in accordance with previous GAAP as inputs in making the discounted measurement required by IAS 37.</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p base="F7283879" id="IFRS01_P0767" class="- topic/p ">Case 3—Previous GAAP did not require estimates of similar items for the date of transition to IFRSs. Estimates in accordance with IFRSs for that date reflect conditions existing at that date. In particular, estimates of market prices, interest rates or foreign exchange rates at the date of transition to IFRSs reflect market conditions at that date. This is consistent with the distinction in <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F18888462" id="IFRS01_X1024" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 10</xref> between adjusting events after the reporting period and non‑adjusting events after the reporting period.</p>                </li></ol><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL15649285" frame="all" id="IFRS01_TAB0002" orient="port" pgwide="0" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="0" colwidth="100*" rowsep="0" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               IG Example 1 Estimates             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F23924444" id="IFRS01_P0770" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p>               <p base="F7283892" id="IFRS01_P0771" class="- topic/p ">Entity A’s first IFRS financial statements are for a period that ends on 31 December 20X5 and include comparative information                                  for one year. In its previous GAAP financial statements for 31 December 20X3 and 20X4, entity A:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F7283894" id="IFRS01_L0082" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F7283895" id="IFRS01_P0772" class="- topic/p ">made estimates of accrued expenses and provisions at those dates;</p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F7283897" id="IFRS01_P0773" class="- topic/p ">accounted on a cash basis for a defined benefit pension plan; and</p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>                   <p base="F7283899" id="IFRS01_P0774" class="- topic/p ">did not recognise a provision for a court case arising from events that occurred in September 20X4. When the court case was concluded on 30 June 20X5, entity A was required to pay CU1,000<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS01_FN0009" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> and paid this on 10 July 20X5.</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F7283900" id="IFRS01_P0775" class="- topic/p ">In preparing its first IFRS financial statements, entity A concludes that its estimates in accordance with previous GAAP of accrued expenses and provisions at 31 December 20X3 and 20X4 were made on a basis consistent with its accounting policies in accordance with IFRSs. Although some of the accruals and provisions turned out to be overestimates and others to be underestimates, entity A concludes that its estimates were reasonable and that, therefore, no error had occurred. As a result, accounting for those overestimates and underestimates involves the routine adjustment of estimates in accordance with <xref href="../ias08/IAS08_TOC.dita#IAS08_TOC0001" base="F15826298" id="IFRS01_X1027" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 8</xref>.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F23924443" id="IFRS01_P0776" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application of requirements</b></p>               <p base="F7283902" id="IFRS01_P0777" class="- topic/p ">In preparing its opening IFRS statement of financial position at 1 January 20X4 and in its comparative statement of financial position at 31 December 20X4, entity A:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F7283904" id="IFRS01_L0083" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F7283905" id="IFRS01_P0778" class="- topic/p ">does not adjust the previous estimates for accrued expenses and provisions; and                                        </p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F7283907" id="IFRS01_P0779" class="- topic/p ">makes estimates (in the form of actuarial assumptions) necessary to account for the pension plan in accordance with <xref href="../ias19/IAS19_TOC0001.dita#IAS19_TOC0001" base="F77794078" id="IFRS01_X1029" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 19 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph></xref>. Entity A’s actuarial assumptions at 1 January 20X4 and 31 December 20X4 do not reflect conditions that arose after those dates. For example, entity A’s: </p>                   <ol outputclass="static" base="F7283909" id="IFRS01_L0084" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>                       <p base="F7283910" id="IFRS01_P0780" class="- topic/p ">discount rates at 1 January 20X4 and 31 December 20X4 for the pension plan and for provisions reflect market conditions at those dates; and</p>                     </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>                       <p base="F7283912" id="IFRS01_P0781" class="- topic/p ">actuarial assumptions at 1 January 20X4 and 31 December 20X4 about future employee turnover rates do not reflect conditions that arose after those dates—such as a significant increase in estimated employee turnover rates as a result of a curtailment of the pension plan in 20X5.                                                </p>                     </li></ol>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F7283913" id="IFRS01_P0782" class="- topic/p ">The treatment of the court case at 31 December 20X4 depends on the reason why entity A did not recognise a provision in accordance with previous GAAP at that date.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F7283914" id="IFRS01_P0783" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Assumption 1</b> – Previous GAAP was consistent with <xref href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" base="F15826338" id="IFRS01_X1032" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 37</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph></xref>. Entity A concluded that the recognition criteria were not met.                                  In this case, entity A’s assumptions in accordance with IFRSs are consistent with its assumptions in accordance with previous GAAP. Therefore, entity A does not recognise a provision at 31 December 20X4.                                </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F7283916" id="IFRS01_P0784" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Assumption 2</b> – Previous GAAP was not consistent with <xref href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" base="F15826341" id="IFRS01_X1035" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 37</xref>. Therefore, entity A develops estimates in accordance with IAS 37. Under IAS 37, an entity determines whether an obligation exists at the end of the reporting period by taking account of all available evidence, including any additional evidence provided by events after the reporting period.                                  Similarly, in accordance with <xref href="../ias10/IAS10_TOC0001.dita#IAS10_TOC0001" base="F15826375" id="IFRS01_X1037" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 10</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Events after the Reporting Period</ph></ph></xref>, the resolution of a court case after the reporting period is an adjusting event after the reporting period if it confirms that the entity had a present obligation at that date.                                  In this instance, the resolution of the court case confirms that entity A had a liability in September 20X4 (when the events occurred that gave rise to the court case). Therefore, entity A recognises a provision at 31 December 20X4. Entity A measures that provision by discounting the CU1,000 paid on 10 July 20X5 to its present value, using a discount rate that complies with IAS 37 and reflects market conditions at 31 December 20X4.                                </p>                            </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>