<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS01_IG29" base="F7284127" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">IG29</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 1" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IG29" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS01_P0935" class="- topic/p "><xref href="#IFRS01_IG29/IFRS01_TAB0010" base="F8305569" id="IFRS01_X1205" class="- topic/xref ">IG Examples 8 and 9</xref> illustrate <xref href="IFRS01_gD16-D17.dita#IFRS01_gD16_D17" base="F8125613" id="IFRS01_X1206" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs D16 and D17</xref> of the IFRS, which address cases where a parent and its subsidiary become first‑time adopters at different dates.</p><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL15648665" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS01_TAB0010" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               IG Example 8 Parent adopts IFRSs before subsidiary             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0937" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b> </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F7284131" id="IFRS01_P0938" class="- topic/p ">Parent N presents its (consolidated) first IFRS financial statements in 20X5. Its foreign subsidiary O, wholly owned by parent N since formation, prepares information in accordance with IFRSs for internal consolidation purposes from that date, but subsidiary O does not present its first IFRS financial statements until 20X7.</p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F20636423" id="IFRS01_P0939" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application of requirements</b></p>                              <p base="F7284134" id="IFRS01_P0941" class="- topic/p ">If subsidiary O applies <xref href="IFRS01_D16.dita#IFRS01_D16" base="F15828342" id="IFRS01_X1209" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph D16(a)</xref> of the IFRS, the carrying amounts of its assets and liabilities are the same in both its opening IFRS statement of financial position at 1 January 20X6 and parent N’s consolidated statement of financial position (except for adjustments for consolidation procedures)                                  and are based on parent N’s date of transition to IFRSs.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F7284135" id="IFRS01_P0942" class="- topic/p ">Alternatively, subsidiary O may, in accordance with <xref href="IFRS01_D16.dita#IFRS01_D16" base="F15828344" id="IFRS01_X1211" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph D16(b)</xref> of the IFRS, measure all its assets or liabilities based on its own date of transition to IFRSs (1 January 20X6). However, the fact that subsidiary O becomes a first‑time adopter in 20X7 does not change the carrying amounts of its assets and liabilities in parent N’s consolidated financial statements.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL15648668" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS01_TAB0011" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               IG Example 9 Subsidiary adopts IFRSs before parent             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0944" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b> </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F7284138" id="IFRS01_P0945" class="- topic/p ">Parent P presents its (consolidated) first IFRS financial statements in 20X7. Its foreign subsidiary Q, wholly owned by parent P since formation, presented its first IFRS financial statements in 20X5. Until 20X7, subsidiary Q prepared information for internal consolidation purposes in accordance with parent P’s previous GAAP.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F20636426" id="IFRS01_P0946" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application of requirements</b></p>                              <p base="F7284140" id="IFRS01_P0948" class="- topic/p ">The carrying amounts of subsidiary Q’s assets and liabilities at 1 January 20X6 are the same in both parent P’s (consolidated) opening IFRS statement of financial position and subsidiary Q’s financial statements (except for adjustments for consolidation procedures)                                  and are based on subsidiary Q’s date of transition to IFRSs. The fact that parent P becomes a first‑time adopter in 20X7 does not change those carrying amounts (<xref href="IFRS01_D17.dita#IFRS01_D17" base="F15828268" id="IFRS01_X1215" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph D17</xref> of the IFRS).</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>