<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e6030" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IFRS08_FN0001" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRS08_P0626" class="- topic/p ">For assets classified according to a liquidity presentation, non‑current assets are assets that include amounts expected to be recovered more than twelve months after the reporting period.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS08_FN0002" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRS08_P0627" class="- topic/p ">For assets classified according to a liquidity presentation, non‑current assets are assets that include amounts expected to be recovered more than twelve months after the reporting period.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS08_FN0003" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRS08_P0628" class="- topic/p ">Revenues from segments below the quantitative thresholds are attributable to four operating segments of Diversified Company. Those segments include a small property business, an electronics equipment rental business, a software consulting practice and a warehouse leasing operation. None of those segments has ever met any of the quantitative thresholds for determining reportable segments.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS08_FN0004" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRS08_P0629" class="- topic/p ">The finance segment derives a majority of its revenue from interest. Management primarily relies on net interest revenue, not the gross revenue and expense amounts, in managing that segment. Therefore, as permitted by paragraph 23, only the net amount is disclosed.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS08_FN0005" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRS08_P0630" class="- topic/p ">Revenues are attributed to countries on the basis of the customer’s location.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS08_FN0006" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRS08_P0631" class="- topic/p ">In January 2008 the IASB issued an amended IAS 27 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph>, which amended ‘minority interest’ to ‘non‑controlling interests’. The consolidation requirements in IAS 27 were superseded by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F16164874" id="IFRS08_X0303" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. The term ‘non‑controlling interests’ and the requirements for non‑controlling interests were not changed.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS08_FN0007" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRS08_P0632" class="- topic/p ">Paragraph BC35 was deleted and paragraph BC35A added as a consequence of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph> issued in April 2009.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS08_FN0008" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRS08_P0633" class="- topic/p ">Associates are individuals and organizations with a particular interest in financial reporting issues that have volunteered to provide an outside reaction to AcSB positions at an early stage in the AcSB’s deliberations.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS08_FN0009" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRS08_P0634" class="- topic/p ">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> is to IASC’s<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph "> Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph "> Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS08_FN0010" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRS08_P0635" class="- topic/p ">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> is to the IASC’s<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph "> Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was amended.</p></fn></bodydiv></body></topic>