<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS36_134" principles="yes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">134</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="134" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body outputclass="bold" class="- topic/body "><variant base="SL23915349" id="IAS36_134_V2" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant ">       <p id="IAS36_P0469" class="- topic/p ">An entity shall disclose the information required by (a)–(f) for each cash‑generating unit (group of units) for which the carrying amount of goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite useful lives allocated to that unit (group of units) is significant in comparison with the entity’s total carrying amount of goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite useful lives: </p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="SL23915353" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS36_L0064" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IAS36_134_a" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL23915355" id="IAS36_P0470" class="- topic/p ">the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to the unit (group of units).</p>         </li><li id="IAS36_134_b" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL23915358" id="IAS36_P0471" class="- topic/p ">the carrying amount of intangible assets with indefinite useful lives allocated to the unit (group of units).</p>         </li><li id="IAS36_134_c" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p base="SL23915361" id="IAS36_P0472" class="- topic/p ">the basis on which the unit’s (group of units’) recoverable amount has been determined (ie value in use or fair value less costs of disposal).</p>         </li><li id="IAS36_134_d" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>           <p base="SL23915368" id="IAS36_P0473" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">if the unit’s (group of             units’) recoverable amount is based on value in use:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="SL23915370" type="lower-roman" id="IAS36_L0065" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IAS36_134_d_i" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>               <p base="SL23915372" id="IAS36_P0474" class="- topic/p ">each key assumption on which management has                 based its cash flow projections for the period covered by the most recent                 budgets/forecasts. Key assumptions are those to which the unit’s (group of units’)                 recoverable amount is most sensitive.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_d_ii" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>               <p base="SL23915375" id="IAS36_P0475" class="- topic/p ">a description of management’s approach to                 determining the value(s) assigned to each key assumption, whether those value(s)                 reflect past experience or, if appropriate, are consistent with external sources of                 information, and, if not, how and why they differ from past experience or external                 sources of information.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_d_iii" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>               <p base="SL23915378" id="IAS36_P0476" class="- topic/p ">the period over which management has projected                 cash flows based on financial budgets/forecasts approved by management and, when a                 period greater than five years is used for a cash‑generating unit (group of units),                 an explanation of why that longer period is justified.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_d_iv" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iv)</li_value>               <p base="SL23915381" id="IAS36_P0477" class="- topic/p ">the growth rate used to extrapolate cash flow                 projections beyond the period covered by the most recent budgets/forecasts, and the                 justification for using any growth rate that exceeds the long‑term average growth                 rate for the products, industries, or country or countries in which the entity                 operates, or for the market to which the unit (group of units) is dedicated.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_d_v" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(v)</li_value>               <p base="SL23915384" id="IAS36_P0478" class="- topic/p ">the discount rate(s)                  applied to the cash flow projections.</p>             </li></ol>         </li><li id="IAS36_134_e" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>           <p base="SL23915390" id="IAS36_P0479" class="- topic/p ">if the unit’s (group of units’) recoverable amount is based on fair value less costs of disposal, the valuation technique(s)                          used to measure fair value less costs of disposal. An entity is not required to provide the disclosures required by IFRS 13. If fair value less costs of disposal is not measured using a quoted price for an identical unit (group of units), an entity shall disclose the following information:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="SL23915395" type="lower-roman" id="IAS36_L0066" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IAS36_134_e_i" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>               <p base="SL23915397" id="IAS36_P0480" class="- topic/p ">each key assumption on which management has based its determination of fair value less costs of disposal. Key assumptions are those to which the unit’s (group of units’) recoverable amount is most sensitive.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_e_ii" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>               <p base="SL23915400" id="IAS36_P0481" class="- topic/p ">a description of management’s approach to determining the value (or values) assigned to each key assumption, whether those values reflect past experience or, if appropriate, are consistent with external sources of information, and, if not, how and why they differ from past experience or external sources of information.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_e_iiA" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iiA)</li_value>               <p base="F23915403" id="IAS36_P0482" class="- topic/p ">the level of the fair value hierarchy (see IFRS 13) within which the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety (without giving regard to the observability of ‘costs of disposal’).</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_e_iiB" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iiB)</li_value>               <p base="F23915409" id="IAS36_P0483" class="- topic/p ">if there has been a change in valuation technique,                                  the change and the reason(s) for making it.</p>             </li></ol>           <p base="F23915414" id="IAS36_P0484" class="- topic/p ">If fair value less costs of disposal is measured using discounted cash flow projections, an entity shall disclose the following information:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="SL23915416" type="lower-roman" id="IAS36_L0067" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IAS36_134_e_iii" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>               <p base="F23915418" id="IAS36_P0485" class="- topic/p ">the period over which management has projected cash flows.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_e_iv" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iv)</li_value>               <p base="F23915421" id="IAS36_P0486" class="- topic/p ">the growth rate used to extrapolate cash flow projections.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_e_v" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(v)</li_value>               <p base="F23915424" id="IAS36_P0487" class="- topic/p ">the discount rate(s) applied to the cash flow projections.</p>             </li></ol>                    </li><li id="IAS36_134_f" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value>           <p base="SL23915429" id="IAS36_P0489" class="- topic/p ">if a reasonably possible change in a key assumption on which management has based its determination of the unit’s (group of units’) recoverable amount would cause the unit’s (group of units’) carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="SL23915431" type="lower-roman" id="IAS36_L0068" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IAS36_134_f_i" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>               <p base="F23915433" id="IAS36_P0490" class="- topic/p ">the amount by which the unit’s (group of units’) recoverable amount exceeds its carrying amount.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_f_ii" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F23915436" id="IAS36_P0491" class="- topic/p ">the value assigned to the key assumption.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_f_iii" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>               <p base="F23915439" id="IAS36_P0492" class="- topic/p ">the amount by which the value assigned to the key assumption must change, after incorporating any consequential effects of that change on the other variables used to measure recoverable amount, in order for the unit’s (group of units’) recoverable amount to be equal to its carrying amount.</p>             </li></ol>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>