<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS36_7" base="SL32229" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">7</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="7" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS36_P0117" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IAS36_8.dita#IAS36_8" id="IAS36_X0183" base="SL195761" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraphs 8–17</xref> specify when recoverable amount shall be determined. These requirements use the term ‘an asset’ but apply equally to an individual asset or a cash‑generating unit. The remainder of this Standard is structured as follows: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS36_L0010" base="SL148467" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0118" base="SL148469" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IAS36_18.dita#IAS36_18" id="IAS36_X0184" base="A36-217" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 18–57</xref> set out the requirements for measuring recoverable amount. These requirements also use the term ‘an asset’ but apply equally to an individual asset and a cash‑generating unit.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0119" base="SL148471" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IAS36_58.dita#IAS36_58" id="IAS36_X0185" base="A36-218" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 58–108</xref> set out the requirements for recognising and measuring impairment losses. Recognition and measurement of impairment losses for individual assets other than goodwill are dealt with in <xref href="IAS36_58.dita#IAS36_58" id="IAS36_X0186" base="A36-219" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 58–64</xref>. <xref href="IAS36_65.dita#IAS36_65" id="IAS36_X0187" base="SL195762" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraphs 65–108</xref> deal with the recognition and measurement of impairment losses for cash‑generating units and goodwill.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0120" base="SL148473" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IAS36_109.dita#IAS36_109" id="IAS36_X0188" base="A36-220" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 109–116</xref> set out the requirements for reversing an impairment loss recognised in prior periods for an asset or a cash‑generating unit. Again, these requirements use the term ‘an asset’ but apply equally to an individual asset or a cash‑generating unit. Additional requirements for an individual asset are set out in <xref href="IAS36_117.dita#IAS36_117" id="IAS36_X0189" base="A36-221" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 117–121</xref>, for a cash‑generating unit in <xref href="IAS36_122.dita#IAS36_122" id="IAS36_X0190" base="A36-222" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 122 and 123</xref>, and for goodwill in <xref href="IAS36_124.dita#IAS36_124" id="IAS36_X0191" base="SL195763" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 124 and 125</xref>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0121" base="SL148475" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IAS36_126.dita#IAS36_126" id="IAS36_X0192" base="A36-223" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 126–133</xref> specify the information to be disclosed about impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses for assets and cash‑generating units. <xref href="IAS36_134.dita#IAS36_134" id="IAS36_X0193" base="SL195764" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraphs 134–137</xref> specify additional disclosure requirements for cash‑generating units to which goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite useful lives  have been allocated for impairment testing purposes.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>