<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS36_6" base="SL32228" principles="yes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">6</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="6" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body outputclass="bold" class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS36_P0094" class="- topic/p ">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings specified: </p><p base="SL148450" id="IAS36_P0095" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Carrying amount</i> is the amount at which an asset is recognised after deducting any accumulated depreciation (amortisation) and accumulated impairment losses thereon.</p><p base="SL148451" id="IAS36_P0096" class="- topic/p ">A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">cash‑generating unit</i> is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.</p><p base="SL148452" id="IAS36_P0097" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Corporate assets</i> are assets other than goodwill that contribute to the future cash flows of both the cash‑generating unit under review and other cash‑generating units.</p><p base="SL148453" id="IAS36_P0098" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Costs of disposal</i> are incremental costs directly attributable to the disposal of an asset or cash‑generating unit, excluding finance costs and income tax expense.</p><p base="SL148454" id="IAS36_P0099" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Depreciable amount</i> is the cost of an asset, or other amount substituted for cost in the financial statements, less its residual value.</p><p base="SL148455" id="IAS36_P0100" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Depreciation (Amortisation)</i> is the systematic allocation of the depreciable amount of an asset over its useful life.<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS36_FN0004" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p><p base="SL148456" id="IAS36_P0101" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair value</i> is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. (See <xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" base="F16380477" id="IAS36_X0176" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph></xref>.)</p><p base="SL148457" id="IAS36_P0105" class="- topic/p ">An <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">impairment loss</i> is the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset or a cash‑generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount.</p><p base="SL148458" id="IAS36_P0106" class="- topic/p ">The <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">recoverable amount</i> of an asset or a cash‑generating unit is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use.</p><p base="SL148459" id="IAS36_P0109" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Useful life</i> is either:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL148460" id="IAS36_L0009" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL148462" id="IAS36_P0110" class="- topic/p ">the period of time over which an asset is expected to be used by the entity; or</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL148464" id="IAS36_P0111" class="- topic/p ">the number of production or similar units expected to be obtained from the asset by the entity.</p>       </li></ol><p base="SL148465" id="IAS36_P0112" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Value in use</i> is the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from an asset or cash‑generating unit.</p></body></paragraph>