<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS36_107" base="SL32329" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">107</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="107" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS36_P0350" class="- topic/p ">If the recoverable amount of an individual asset cannot be determined (see <xref href="IAS36_67.dita#IAS36_67" id="IAS36_X0309" base="A36-250" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 67</xref>): </p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS36_L0044" base="SL148696" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0351" base="SL148698" class="- topic/p ">an impairment loss is recognised for the asset if its carrying amount is greater than the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and the results of the allocation procedures described in <xref href="IAS36_104.dita#IAS36_104" id="IAS36_X0310" base="A36-251" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 104 and 105</xref>; and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0352" base="SL148700" class="- topic/p ">no impairment loss is recognised for the asset if the related cash‑generating unit is not impaired. This applies even if the asset’s fair value less costs of disposal is less than its carrying amount.</p></li></ol><table outputclass="ruled" id="IAS36_TAB0006" base="SL78017" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="7*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="93*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" rowsep="1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> Example</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS36_P0354" base="SL148701" class="- topic/p ">A machine has suffered physical damage but is still working, although not as well as before it was damaged. The machine’s fair value less costs of disposal is less than its carrying amount. The machine does not generate independent cash inflows. The smallest identifiable group of assets that includes the machine and generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets is the production line to which the machine belongs. The recoverable amount of the production line shows that the production line taken as a whole is not impaired.</p></entry></row><row keep_together="3" class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS36_P0355" base="SL148702" class="- topic/p ">Assumption 1: budgets/forecasts approved by management reflect no commitment of management to replace the machine.</p> <p id="IAS36_P0356" base="SL148703" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The recoverable amount of the machine alone cannot be estimated because the machine’s value in use:</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS36_P0357" base="SL148704" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(a)</i></p></entry><entry colname="C2" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS36_P0358" base="SL148705" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">may differ from its fair value less costs of disposal; and</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS36_P0359" base="SL148706" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(b)</i></p></entry><entry colname="C2" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS36_P0360" base="SL148707" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">can be determined only for the cash‑generating unit to which the machine belongs (the production line).</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS36_P0361" base="SL148708" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The production line is not impaired. Therefore, no impairment loss is recognised for the machine. Nevertheless, the entity may need to reassess the depreciation period or the depreciation method for the machine. Perhaps a shorter depreciation period or a faster depreciation method is required to reflect the expected remaining useful life of the machine or the pattern in which economic benefits are expected to be consumed by the entity.</i></p></entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS36_P0362" base="SL148709" class="- topic/p ">Assumption 2: budgets/forecasts approved by management reflect a commitment of management to replace the machine and sell it in the near future. Cash flows from continuing use of the machine until its disposal are estimated to be negligible.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS36_P0363" base="SL148710" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The machine’s value in use can be estimated to be close to its fair value less costs of disposal. Therefore, the recoverable amount of the machine can be determined and no consideration is given to the cash‑generating unit to which the machine belongs (ie the production line). Because the machine’s fair value less costs of disposal is less than its carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised for the machine.</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>