<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS36_78" base="SL32300" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">78</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="78" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS36_P0282" class="- topic/p ">It may be necessary to consider some recognised liabilities to determine the recoverable amount of a cash‑generating unit. This may occur if the disposal of a cash‑generating unit would require the buyer to assume the liability. In this case, the fair value less costs of disposal (or the estimated cash flow from ultimate disposal) of the cash‑generating unit is the price to sell the assets of the cash‑generating unit and the liability together, less the costs of disposal. To perform a meaningful comparison between the carrying amount of the cash‑generating unit and its recoverable amount, the carrying amount of the liability is deducted in determining both the cash‑generating unit’s value in use and its carrying amount.</p><table outputclass="ruled" id="IAS36_TAB0003" base="SL78014" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> Example</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS36_P0284" base="SL148627" class="- topic/p ">A company operates a mine in a country where legislation requires that the owner must restore the site on completion of its mining operations. The cost of restoration includes the replacement of the overburden, which must be removed before mining operations commence. A provision for the costs to replace the overburden was recognised as soon as the overburden was removed. The amount provided was recognised as part of the cost of the mine and is being depreciated over the mine’s useful life. The carrying amount of the provision for restoration costs is CU500,<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS36_FN0009" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> which is equal to the present value of the restoration costs.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS36_P0285" base="SL148628" class="- topic/p ">The entity is testing the mine for impairment. The cash‑generating unit for the mine is the mine as a whole. The entity has received various offers to buy the mine at a price of around CU800. This price reflects the fact that the buyer will assume the obligation to restore the overburden. Disposal costs for the mine are negligible. The value in use of the mine is approximately CU1,200, excluding restoration costs. The carrying amount of the mine is CU1,000.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS36_P0286" base="SL148629" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The cash‑generating unit’s fair value less costs of disposal is CU800. This amount considers restoration costs that have already been provided for. As a consequence, the value in use for the cash‑generating unit is determined after consideration of the restoration costs and is estimated to be CU700 (CU1,200 less CU500). The carrying amount of the cash‑generating unit is CU500, which is the carrying amount of the mine (CU1,000) less the carrying amount of the provision for restoration costs (CU500). Therefore, the recoverable amount of the cash‑generating unit exceeds its carrying amount.</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>