<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="SIC32_BC14" base="SL35701" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">14</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="SIC‑32" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="14" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="SIC32_P0128" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ias38/IAS38_57.dita#IAS38_57" id="SIC32_X0121" base="F7223487" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38.<u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">57</u></xref><line-through class="+ topic/ph hi-d/line-through ">45</line-through> requires an intangible asset arising from the development phase of an internal project to be recognised <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">only</u> if an entity can demonstrate fulfilment of the six criteria specified. One of the criteria is to demonstrate how a web site will generate probable future economic benefits (<xref href="../ias38/IAS38_57.dita#IAS38_57" id="SIC32_X0122" base="F7223488" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38.<u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">57</u></xref><line-through class="+ topic/ph hi-d/line-through ">45</line-through>(d)). <xref href="../ias38/IAS38_60.dita#IAS38_60" id="SIC32_X0123" base="F7223489" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38.<u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">60</u></xref><line-through class="+ topic/ph hi-d/line-through ">48</line-through> indicates that this criterion is met by assessing the economic benefits to be received from the web site and using the principles in <xref href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001" id="SIC32_X0124" base="F16456753" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 36 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph></xref>, which considers the present value of estimated future cash flows from continuing use of the web site. Future economic benefits flowing from an intangible asset, as stated in <xref href="../ias38/IAS38_g17-17.dita#IAS38_g17_17" id="SIC32_X0125" base="F16456754" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38.17</xref>, may include revenue from the sale of products or services, cost savings, or other benefits resulting from the use of the asset by the entity. Therefore, future economic benefits from a web site may be assessed when the web site is capable of generating revenues. A web site developed solely or primarily for advertising and promoting an entity’s own products and services is not recognised as an intangible asset, because the entity cannot demonstrate the future economic benefits that will flow. Consequently, all expenditure on developing a web site solely or primarily for promoting and advertising an entity’s own products and services is recognised as an expense when incurred.</p></body></paragraph>