<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="SIC32_BC12" base="SL35699" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">12</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="SIC‑32" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="12" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="SIC32_P0124" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ias38/IAS38_68.dita#IAS38_68" id="SIC32_X0111" base="F7223451" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38.<u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">68</u></xref><line-through class="+ topic/ph hi-d/line-through ">56</line-through> requires expenditure on an intangible item to be recognised as an expense when incurred unless it forms part of the cost of an intangible asset that meets the recognition criteria in <xref href="../ias38/IAS38_g18-67.dita#IAS38_g18_67" id="SIC32_X0112" base="F7223453" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38.18–.<u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">67</u></xref><line-through class="+ topic/ph hi-d/line-through ">55</line-through>. <xref href="../ias38/IAS38_69.dita#IAS38_69" id="SIC32_X0113" base="F7223454" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38.<u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">69</u></xref><line-through class="+ topic/ph hi-d/line-through ">57</line-through> requires expenditure on start‑up activities to be recognised as an expense when incurred. An entity developing its own web site for internal or external access is not undertaking a start‑up activity to the extent that an internally generated intangible asset is created. The requirements and guidance in <xref href="../ias38/IAS38_52.dita#IAS38_52" id="SIC32_X0114" base="F7223455" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38.<u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">52–.67</u></xref><line-through class="+ topic/ph hi-d/line-through ">40.55</line-through>, in addition to the general requirements described in <xref href="../ias38/IAS38_21.dita#IAS38_21" id="SIC32_X0115" base="F7223456" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38.<u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">21</u></xref><line-through class="+ topic/ph hi-d/line-through ">19</line-through> for recognition and initial measurement of an intangible asset, apply to expenditure incurred on the development of an entity’s own web site. As described in <xref href="../ias38/IAS38_g65-67.dita#IAS38_g65_67/IAS38_g65_67_TI" id="SIC32_X0116" base="F7223457" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38.<u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">65–.67</u></xref><line-through class="+ topic/ph hi-d/line-through ">53–.55</line-through>, the cost of a web site recognised as an internally generated intangible asset comprises all expenditure that can be directly attributed<line-through class="+ topic/ph hi-d/line-through ">, or allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis,</line-through> <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">and is necessary</u> to creating, producing and preparing the asset for <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management</u> <line-through class="+ topic/ph hi-d/line-through ">its intended use</line-through>.</p></body></paragraph>