<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="introduction_IFRSStandards"><title level="1" id="introduction_IFRSStandards_TI"><ph base="new-board">IFRS Accounting Standards</ph></title><body><bodydiv base="adding-accounting-from-formation-of-ISSB">       <p>IFRS Accounting Standards (Accounting Standards) are mandatory pronouncements and comprise:</p>       <ol outputclass="static"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value><p>IFRS Accounting Standards;</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value><p>IAS&#xae; Standards; and</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value><p>Interpretations developed by the IFRS Interpretations             Committee (IFRIC&#xae; Interpretations) or its predecessor body, the Standing Interpretations             Committee (SIC&#xae; Interpretations).</p></li></ol>       <p>Accounting Standards are issued after formal due process. An entity is permitted to state         that its financial statements comply with IFRS Accounting Standards only if the financial         statements comply with all applicable requirements in the Accounting Standards.</p>       <p>The requirements of an Accounting Standard, including any appendices setting out mandatory         application guidance, are usually accompanied by non-mandatory material, including:</p>       <ol outputclass="static"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value><p>a basis for conclusions, which summarises the IASB&#x2019;s             considerations when it was developing the Accounting Standard;</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value><p>dissenting opinions, if any, by individual IASB members who             voted against the publication of the Accounting Standard or amendment to the Accounting             Standard;</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value><p>implementation guidance; and</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value><p>illustrative examples.</p></li></ol>       <p>The rubric after the contents page of each Accounting Standard sets out the authority of         the information contained in or accompanying that Accounting Standard.</p>       <p>The title page of each Accounting Standard details its history.</p>       <p>Each new Accounting Standard and amendment to an Accounting Standard sets out its effective         date and may contain transition provisions. The IASB generally allows an entity to apply a         newly issued Accounting Standard or amendment before its effective date. </p>     </bodydiv></body></topic>