<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS24_BC37" base="SL9061223" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC37</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 24" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC37" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS24_P0372" class="- topic/p ">Some respondents reasoned that the exemption should not apply to transactions between members of a group that is controlled by a government, for example between a government‑related entity and its parent or its fellow subsidiaries. Those respondents noted that the relationship within such a group might sometimes be closer and more influential than between government‑related entities in an environment where government control is pervasive. However, for the following reasons the Board concluded that the exemption should also apply within such groups:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS24_L0036" base="SL9061224" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS24_P0373" base="SL9061226" class="- topic/p ">Sometimes, requiring disclosure in such cases would negate the purpose of the exemption and could lead to significant differences in the level of disclosure when the substance of the relationships and transactions could be very similar. For example, suppose one government controls all entities directly but another government has similar entities and controls them all through a single holding company. The entities controlled by the first government would all qualify for the exemption but those controlled by the second government would not.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS24_P0374" base="SL9061228" class="- topic/p ">Requiring disclosure in such cases would place considerable pressure on the definition of the boundary between government and entities controlled by the government. For example, suppose a government controls entities through an intermediate institution. It would be necessary to determine whether that institution is an entity controlled by the government (in which case the exemption would not apply) or part of the government (in which case the exemption would apply). This may be answered easily if the institution is a company incorporated under normal company law that simply happens to have the government as a controlling shareholder. It may be less clear if the institution is, for example, a government agency or department.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>