<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS24_BC51" base="F29361984" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC51</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 24" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC51" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS24_P0399" class="- topic/p ">The Board noted that IAS 24 is unclear as to what information to disclose for key management personnel when those persons are not employees of the reporting entity. To address the diversity in disclosures that has arisen from IAS 24 being unclear, the Board decided to amend the definition of ‘related party’. The amendment clarified that a management entity that provides key management services to a reporting entity is deemed to be a related party of the reporting entity. In discussing these proposals, the Board acknowledged that the relationship between the management entity and the reporting entity is not symmetrical. The reporting entity is not a related party of the management entity solely as a consequence of being a customer of the management entity. The reporting entity cannot affect the management entity’s activities, financial position or profit except through some other relationship. Consequently, the reporting entity is required to disclose the amount incurred for the service fee paid or payable to the management entity that employs, or has as directors, the persons that provide the key management personnel services. As a result of identifying the management entity as a related party of the reporting entity, the Board noted that the reporting entity is also required to disclose other transactions with the management entity, for example, loans, under the existing disclosure requirements of IAS 24 with respect to related parties. </p></body></paragraph>