<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="d5e8300"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IAS41_FN0003">       <p id="IAS41_P0941">An entity is encouraged, but not required, to provide a quantified description of each group of biological assets, distinguishing between consumable and bearer biological assets or between mature and immature biological assets, as appropriate. An entity discloses the basis for making any such distinctions.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0004">       <p id="IAS41_P0942">This statement of comprehensive income presents an analysis of expenses using a classification based on the nature of expenses.&#xa0;<xref base="F15829572" href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" id="IAS41_X0381">IAS&#xa0;1&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref>&#xa0;requires that an entity present, either in the statement of comprehensive income or in the notes, an analysis of expenses using a classification based on either the nature of expenses or their function within the entity.&#xa0;<xref base="F15829573" href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" id="IAS41_X0382">IAS&#xa0;1</xref>&#xa0;encourages presentation of an analysis of expenses in the statement of comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0005">       <p id="IAS41_P0943">This statement of cash flows reports cash flows from operating activities using the direct method.&#xa0;<xref base="F15829677" href="../ias07/IAS07_TOC0001.dita#IAS07_TOC0001" id="IAS41_X0383">IAS&#xa0;7&#xa0;<i>Statement of Cash Flows</i></xref>&#xa0;requires that an entity report cash flows from operating activities using either the direct method or the indirect method.&#xa0;<xref base="F15829678" href="../ias07/IAS07_TOC0001.dita#IAS07_TOC0001" id="IAS41_X0384">IAS&#xa0;7</xref>&#xa0;encourages use of the direct method.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0006">       <p id="IAS41_P0944">Separating the increase in fair value less costs to sell between the portion attributable to physical changes and the portion attributable to price changes is encouraged but not required by this Standard.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0007">       <p id="IAS41_P0945"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Agriculture: Bearer Plants</ph></ph>&#xa0;(Amendments to IAS&#xa0;16 and IAS&#xa0;41), issued in June 2014, introduced a definition of a bearer plant. The amendments require biological assets meeting the definition of a bearer plant to be accounted for as property, plant and equipment in accordance with&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;16</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph>&#xa0;and as such the amendments are more comprehensively discussed in&#xa0;<xref base="F35270099" href="../ias16/IAS16_BC38.dita#IAS16_BC38" id="IAS41_X0385">paragraphs BC38&#x2013;BC117 of IAS&#xa0;16</xref>. The produce growing on the bearer plants is within the scope of IAS&#xa0;41. A summary of the specific changes to IAS&#xa0;41 are discussed in paragraphs BC4A&#x2013;BC4E of this Standard.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0008">       <p id="IAS41_P0946"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;13</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value                  and contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0009">       <p id="IAS41_P0947">IFRS&#xa0;13, issued in May 2011, defines fair value and contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0010">       <p id="IAS41_P0948">IFRS&#xa0;13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a consequence, paragraph 21 of IAS&#xa0;41 has been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0011">       <p id="IAS41_P0949">In August 2005,&#xa0;<xref base="F15828284" href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" id="IAS41_X0388">IFRS&#xa0;7&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph></xref>&#xa0;superseded IAS&#xa0;30.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0012">       <p id="IAS41_P0950"><xref base="F35623158" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IAS41_X0389">IFRS&#xa0;15&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May&#xa0;2014, replaced IAS&#xa0;18&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue</ph></ph>. IFRS&#xa0;15 also does not address revenue arising from &#x2018;natural increases in herds, and agricultural and forest products&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0013">       <p id="IAS41_P0951">The term &#x2018;historical cost system&#x2019; is no longer applicable owing to revisions made to&#xa0;<xref base="F15828358" href="../ias02/IAS02_TOC0001.dita#IAS02_TOC0001" id="IAS41_X0390">IAS&#xa0;2</xref>&#xa0;in December 2003.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0014">       <p id="IAS41_P0952">As the result of an amendment by the IASB, contained in&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph>&#xa0;issued in May 2008, &#x2018;logs&#x2019; is an example of produce that has been processed rather than an example of unprocessed produce.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0015">       <p id="IAS41_P0953">References to the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;are to IASC&#x2019;s&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, which was adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September&#xa0;2010 the IASB replaced the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;with the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0016">       <p id="IAS41_P0954">References to the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC&#x2019;s&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was developed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0017">       <p id="IAS41_P0955">IFRS&#xa0;13, issued in May 2011, describes how transport costs                  are factored into a fair value measurement.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0018">       <p id="IAS41_P0956">IFRS&#xa0;13, issued in May 2011, defines an active market                  and contains a three&#x2011;level fair value hierarchy                  for the inputs                  used in the valuation techniques                  used to measure fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0019">       <p id="IAS41_P0957">Paragraph 20 of the previous version of IAS&#xa0;41 required entities to use a pre&#x2011;tax discount rate when measuring fair value. The IASB decided to maintain the requirement to use a current market&#x2011;based discount rate but removed the reference to a pre&#x2011;tax discount rate by&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph>&#xa0;issued in May&#xa0;2008.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0020">       <p id="IAS41_P0958"><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" id="IAS41_X0396" scope="local"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;1</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref>&#xa0;(revised in 2003) replaced the term &#x2018;net profit or loss&#x2019; with &#x2018;profit or loss&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0021">       <p id="IAS41_P0959"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0022">       <p id="IAS41_P0960">IFRS&#xa0;13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0023">       <p id="IAS41_P0961"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0024">       <p id="IAS41_P0962"><xref base="F35623159" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IAS41_X0397">IFRS&#xa0;15&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May&#xa0;2014, replaced IAS&#xa0;18&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0025">       <p id="IAS41_P0963">Paragraph 170(b) of IAS&#xa0;39 was replaced by paragraph 90 of&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;32</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Disclosure and Presentation</ph></ph>&#xa0;when the IASB revised those standards in 2003. In 2005, the IASB relocated all disclosures relating to financial instruments to&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;7</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0026">       <p id="IAS41_P0964">Paragraph 68 of IAS&#xa0;40 was replaced by paragraph 78 when the IASB revised IAS&#xa0;40 in 2003.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0027">       <p id="IAS41_P0965">Paragraph 60 of IAS&#xa0;16 was replaced by paragraph 73 when IAS&#xa0;16 was revised in 2003.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS41_FN0028">       <p id="IAS41_P0966"><xref base="F15829083" href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" id="IAS41_X0398"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;1</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref>&#xa0;(revised in 2003) replaced the term &#x2018;net profit or loss&#x2019; with &#x2018;profit or loss&#x2019;.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>