<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IAS41_5" principles="yes"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>5</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS&#xa0;41"/><data name="paranum" value="5"/></prolog><body outputclass="bold"><variant id="IAS41_5_V2" base="SL32827925"> <p id="IAS41_P0115">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings specified: </p> <p id="IAS41_P0116" base="SL32827926"><i>Agricultural activity</i> is the management by an entity of the biological transformation and harvest of biological assets for sale or for conversion into agricultural produce or into additional biological assets.</p>  <p id="IAS41_P0119" base="SL32827936"><i>Agricultural produce</i> is the harvested produce of the entity&#x2019;s biological assets.</p> <p id="IAS41_P0120" base="SL32828544">A <i>bearer plant</i> is a living plant that:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IAS41_L0006" base="SL32828546" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS41_P0121" base="SL32828548">is used in the production or supply of agricultural produce;</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS41_P0122" base="SL32828550">is expected to bear produce for more than one period; and</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS41_P0123" base="SL32828552">has a remote likelihood of being sold as agricultural produce, except for incidental scrap sales.</p></li></ol>  <p id="IAS41_P0126" base="SL32827941">A <i>biological asset</i> is a living animal or plant.</p> <p id="IAS41_P0127" base="SL32827944"><i>Biological transformation</i> comprises the processes of growth, degeneration, production, and procreation that cause qualitative or quantitative changes in a biological asset.</p> <p id="IAS41_P0128" base="F32827948"><i>Costs to sell</i> are the incremental costs directly attributable to the disposal of an asset, excluding finance costs and income taxes.</p>  <p id="IAS41_P0131" base="SL32827953">A <i>group of biological assets</i> is an aggregation of similar living animals or plants.</p> <p id="IAS41_P0132" base="SL32827956"><i>Harvest</i> is the detachment of produce from a biological asset or the cessation of a biological asset&#x2019;s life processes.</p></variant></body></paragraph>