<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS19_17" base="F16149954" principles="no"><paranum>17</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19"/><data name="paranum" value="17"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS19_P0139">The method specified in the previous paragraph measures the obligation at the amount of the additional payments that are expected to arise solely from the fact that the benefit accumulates. In many cases, an entity may not need to make detailed computations to estimate that there is no material obligation for unused paid absences. For example, a sick leave obligation is likely to be material only if there is a formal or informal understanding that unused paid sick leave may be taken as paid annual leave.</p><table id="IAS19_TAB0001" base="F16149955" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><thead><row><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left"> <p id="IAS19_P0140" typeface="sansserif">Example illustrating <xref id="IAS19_X0241" base="F16223381" href="IAS19_16.dita#IAS19_16">paragraphs 16 and 17</xref></p></entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IAS19_P0141" base="F16149957">An entity has 100 employees, who are each entitled to five working days of paid sick leave for each year. Unused sick leave may be carried forward for one calendar year. Sick leave is taken first out of the current year&#x2019;s entitlement and then out of any balance brought forward from the previous year (a LIFO basis). At 31 December 20X1 the average unused entitlement is two days per employee. The entity expects, on the basis of experience that is expected to continue, that 92 employees will take no more than five days of paid sick leave in 20X2 and that the remaining eight employees will take an average of six and a half days each.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IAS19_P0142" base="F16149958"><i>The entity expects that it will pay an additional twelve days of sick pay as a result of the unused entitlement that has accumulated at 31 December 20X1 (one and a half days each, for eight employees). Therefore, the entity recognises a liability equal to twelve days of sick pay.</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>