<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS19_71" base="F16150357" principles="no"><paranum>71</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19"/><data name="paranum" value="71"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS19_P0397">The projected unit credit method  requires an entity to attribute benefit to the current period (in order to determine <xref base="F16149753" href="IAS19_0004.dita#IAS19_0004/IAS19_UN0018">current service cost<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0068"/></ph></xref>) and the current and prior periods (in order to determine the <xref base="F16149663" href="IAS19_0003.dita#IAS19_0003/IAS19_UN0013">present value of defined benefit obligations<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0298"/></ph></xref>). An entity attributes benefit to periods in which the obligation to provide <xref base="F16148491" href="IAS19_0001.dita#IAS19_0001/IAS19_UN0003">post&#x2011;employment benefits<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0292"/></ph></xref> arises. That obligation arises as employees render services in return for post&#x2011;employment benefits that an entity expects to pay in future reporting periods. Actuarial techniques allow an entity to measure that obligation with sufficient reliability to justify recognition of a liability.</p><table id="IAS19_TAB0005" base="F16150358" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="5*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="95*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><thead><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" rowsep="1" align="left"> <p id="IAS19_P0398" typeface="sansserif">Examples illustrating <xref id="IAS19_X0335" base="F16227345" href="#IAS19_71">paragraph 71</xref></p></entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="2"><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS19_P0399" base="F16150374">1</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS19_P0400" base="F16150362">A <xref base="F16149637" href="IAS19_0002.dita#IAS19_0002/IAS19_UN0008">defined benefit plan<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0078"/></ph></xref> provides a lump sum benefit of CU100 payable on retirement for each year of service.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IAS19_P0401" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS19_P0402" base="F16150363"><i>A benefit of CU100 is attributed to each year. The <xref base="F16149753" href="IAS19_0004.dita#IAS19_0004/IAS19_UN0018">current service cost<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0068"/></ph></xref> is the present value of CU100. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is the present value of CU100, multiplied by the number of years of service up to the end of the reporting period.</i></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IAS19_P0403" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS19_P0404" base="F16150366"><i>If the benefit is payable immediately when the employee leaves the entity, the current service cost and the present value of the defined benefit obligation reflect the date at which the employee is expected to leave. Thus, because of the effect of discounting, they are less than the amounts that would be determined if the employee left at the end of the reporting period.</i></p></entry></row><row keep_together="1"><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS19_P0405" base="F16150375">2</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS19_P0406" base="F16150368">A plan provides a monthly pension of 0.2 per cent of final salary for each year of service. The pension is payable from the age of 65.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IAS19_P0407" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS19_P0408" base="F16150369"><i>Benefit equal to the present value, at the expected retirement date, of a monthly pension of 0.2 per cent of the estimated final salary payable from the expected retirement date until the expected date of death is attributed to each year of service. The current service cost is the present value of that benefit. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is the present value of monthly pension payments of 0.2 per cent of final salary, multiplied by the number of years of service up to the end of the reporting period. The current service cost and the present value of the defined benefit obligation are discounted because pension payments begin at the age of 65.</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>