<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS19_148" base="F16152810" principles="no"><paranum>148</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19"/><data name="paranum" value="148"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS19_P0666" outputclass="keep_with_next">If an entity participates in a       multi&#x2011;employer <xref base="F16149637" href="IAS19_0002.dita#IAS19_0002/IAS19_UN0008">defined benefit plan<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0078"/></ph></xref>, it shall disclose:</p><ol id="IAS19_L0085" base="F16152812" type="lower-alpha"><li id="IAS19_148_a"><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0667" base="F16152813">a description of the funding arrangements, including the method used to determine the entity&#x2019;s rate of contributions and any minimum funding requirements.</p></li><li id="IAS19_148_b"><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0668" base="F16152815">a description of the extent to which the entity can be liable to the plan for other entities&#x2019; obligations under the terms and conditions of the <xref base="F16149639" href="IAS19_0002.dita#IAS19_0002/IAS19_UN0009">multi&#x2011;employer plan<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0250"/></ph></xref>.</p></li><li id="IAS19_148_c"><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0669" base="F16152817">a description of any agreed allocation of a <xref base="F16149652" href="IAS19_0003.dita#IAS19_0003/IAS19_UN0011">deficit or surplus<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0077"/></ph></xref> on:</p> <ol id="IAS19_L0086" base="F16152819" type="lower-roman"><li id="IAS19_148_c_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0670" base="F16152823">wind&#x2011;up of the plan; or</p></li><li id="IAS19_148_c_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0671" base="F16152825">the entity&#x2019;s withdrawal from the plan.</p></li></ol></li><li id="IAS19_148_d"><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0672" base="F16152827">if the entity accounts for that plan as if it were a <xref base="F16148509" href="IAS19_0002.dita#IAS19_0002/IAS19_UN0007">defined contribution plan<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0080"/></ph></xref> in accordance with <xref id="IAS19_X0473" base="F16227920" href="IAS19_34.dita#IAS19_34">paragraph 34</xref>, it shall disclose the following, in addition to the information required by (a)&#x2013;(c) and instead of the information required by <xref id="IAS19_X0474" base="F16227921" href="IAS19_139.dita#IAS19_139">paragraphs 139&#x2013;147</xref>:</p> <ol id="IAS19_L0087" base="F16152829" type="lower-roman"><li id="IAS19_148_d_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0673" base="F16152830">the fact that the plan is a defined benefit plan.</p></li><li id="IAS19_148_d_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0674" base="F16152832">the reason why sufficient information is not available to enable the entity to account for the plan as a defined benefit plan.</p></li><li id="IAS19_148_d_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0675" base="F16152860">the expected contributions to the plan for the next annual reporting period.</p></li><li id="IAS19_148_d_iv"><li_value>(iv)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0676" base="F16152862">information about any deficit or surplus in the plan that may affect the amount of future contributions, including the basis used to determine that deficit or surplus and the implications, if any, for the entity.</p></li><li id="IAS19_148_d_v"><li_value>(v)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0677" base="F16152864">an indication of the level of participation of the entity in the plan compared with other participating entities. Examples of measures that might provide such an indication include the entity&#x2019;s proportion of the total contributions to the plan or the entity&#x2019;s proportion of the total number of active members, retired members, and former members entitled to benefits, if that information is available.</p></li></ol></li></ol></body></paragraph>