<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="Edu_d5e1183"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn base="IAS20_3" id="IAS20_FN0003">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS20_P0096">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, May 2016, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 20</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for Government Grants and               Disclosure of Government Assistance</ph></ph>—Accounting for repayable cash           receipts’ </p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify the accounting for cash           received from a government to help an entity finance a research and development project.           More specifically, the request asked whether the entity must recognise the cash received           as a liability (on the basis that the entity has received a forgivable loan as defined in             IAS 20 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for               Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance</ph></ph>) or in profit or           loss (on the basis that the entity has received a government grant as defined in IAS 20).           The cash received from the government is repayable in cash only if the entity decides to           exploit and commercialise the results of the research phase of the project. The terms of           that repayment can result in the government receiving as much as twice the amount of the           original cash proceeds if the project is successful. If the entity decides not to exploit           and commercialise the results of the research phase, the cash received is not repayable in           cash, but instead the entity must transfer to the government the rights to the           research.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that, in this arrangement, the entity has obtained           financing for its research and development project. The Interpretations Committee observed           that the cash receipt described in the submission gives rise to a financial liability           (applying paragraph 20(a) of IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>) because           the entity can avoid a transfer of cash only by settling a non-financial obligation (ie by           transferring the rights to the research to the government). The entity accounts for that           financial liability applying IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> (IAS 39 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:               Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph>).</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that, in the arrangement described in the submission,           the cash received from the government does not meet the definition of a forgivable loan in           IAS 20. This is because, in this arrangement, the government does not undertake to waive           repayment of the loan, but rather to require settlement in cash or by transfer of the           rights to the research.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that, applying paragraph B5.1.1 of IFRS 9           (paragraph AG64 of IAS 39), the entity assesses at initial recognition whether part of the           cash received from the government is for something other than the financial instrument.           For example, in the fact pattern described in the submission, part of the cash received           (the difference between the cash received and the fair value of the financial liability)           may represent a government grant. If this is the case, the entity accounts for the           government grant applying IAS 20.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that the requirements in IFRS Standards provide an           adequate basis to enable an entity to account for the cash received from the           government.</p>         <p>In the light of the existing requirements in IFRS Standards, the Interpretations           Committee determined that neither an Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was           necessary. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to           its agenda.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IAS20_10A" id="EDUFN-ad2022-february-ias20">         <p>The Committee received a request about how to account for the third programme of the           targeted longer-term refinancing operations (TLTROs) of the European Central Bank (ECB).           The TLTROs link the amount a participating bank can borrow and the interest rate the bank           pays on each tranche of the operation to the volume and amount of loans it makes to           non-financial corporations and households.</p>         <p>The request asks:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>whether TLTRO III tranches represent loans with a               below-market interest rate and, if so, whether the borrowing bank is required to apply               IFRS 9 or IAS 20 to account for the benefit of the below-market interest             rate;</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>if the bank applies IAS 20 to account for the benefit of the               below-market interest rate:</p>             <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>i.</li_value><p>how it assesses in which period(s) it recognises that                   benefit; and</p></li><li><li_value>ii.</li_value><p>whether, for the purpose of presentation, the bank adds                   the benefit to the carrying amount of the TLTRO III liability;</p></li></ol>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>how the bank calculates the applicable effective interest               rate;</p></li><li><li_value>d.</li_value><p>whether the bank applies paragraph B5.4.6 of IFRS 9 to               account for changes in estimated cash flows resulting from the revised assessment of               whether the conditions attached to the liability have been met; and</p></li><li><li_value>e.</li_value><p>how the bank accounts for changes in cash flows related to               the prior period that result from the bank’s lending behaviour or from changes the ECB               makes to the TLTRO III conditions.</p></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif">Applying the requirements in IFRS Accounting Standards</p>         <p>The Committee observed that IFRS 9 is the starting point for the borrowing bank to decide           how to account for TLTRO III transactions because each financial liability arising from           the bank’s participation in a TLTRO III tranche is within the scope of IFRS 9. The           bank:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>assesses whether it would separate any embedded derivatives               from the host contract as required by paragraph 4.3.3 of IFRS 9;</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>initially recognises and measures the financial liability,               which includes determining the fair value of the financial liability, accounting for               any difference between the fair value and the transaction price and calculating the               effective interest rate; and</p></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>subsequently measures the financial liability, which               includes accounting for changes in the estimates of expected cash flows.</p></li></ol>         <p>…</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Initial recognition and measurement of           the financial liability</p>         <p>Applying paragraph 5.1.1 of IFRS 9, at initial recognition a bank measures each TLTRO III           tranche at fair value plus or minus transaction costs, if the financial liability is not           measured at fair value through profit or loss. A bank therefore measures the fair value of           the liability using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the           financial liability as required by <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 13</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>. The fair value of a           financial liability at initial recognition is normally the transaction price—that is, the           fair value of the consideration received (paragraphs B5.1.1 and B5.1.2A of IFRS 9). If the           fair value at initial recognition differs from the transaction price, paragraph B5.1.1           requires a bank to determine whether a part of the consideration received is for something           other than the financial liability.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that determining whether an interest rate is a below-market rate           requires judgement based on the specific facts and circumstances of the relevant financial           liability. A difference between the fair value of a financial liability at initial           recognition and the transaction price might indicate that the interest rate on the           financial liability is a below-market rate.</p>         <p>If a bank determines that the fair value of a TLTRO III tranche at initial recognition           differs from the transaction price and that the consideration received is for only the           financial liability, the bank applies paragraph B5.1.2A of IFRS 9 to account for that           difference.</p>         <p>If a bank determines that the fair value of a TLTRO III tranche at initial recognition           differs from the transaction price and that the consideration received is for more than           just the financial liability, the bank assesses whether that difference represents the           benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest (treated as a government           grant in IAS 20). An entity assesses this difference only at initial recognition of the           TLTRO III tranche. The Committee noted that if the difference is treated as a government           grant, paragraph 10A of IAS 20 applies only to that difference. The bank applies IFRS 9 to           account for the financial liability, both on initial recognition and subsequently.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Should a portion of a TLTRO III tranche           be treated as a government grant in IAS 20?</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">IAS 20 defines:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>government as referring to ‘government, government agencies               and similar bodies whether local, national or international’;</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>government grants as ‘assistance by government in the form               of transfers of resources to an entity in return for past or future compliance with               certain conditions relating to the operating activities of the entity…’; and</p></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>forgivable loans as ‘loans which the lender undertakes to               waive repayment of under certain prescribed conditions’.</p></li></ol>         <p>Paragraph 10A of IAS 20 requires an entity to treat as a government grant the benefit of           a government loan at a below-market rate of interest. The benefit of the below-market rate           of interest is measured as the difference between the initial carrying amount of the loan           determined by applying IFRS 9 and the proceeds received. Paragraphs 12 and 20 of IAS 20           specify requirements for an entity to recognise government grants in profit or loss.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that a TLTRO III tranche would contain a portion that is treated           as a government grant in IAS 20 if the bank assesses that the ECB meets the definition of           government in paragraph 3 of IAS 20 and:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the interest rate charged on the TLTRO III tranche is a               below-market interest rate as referred to in paragraph 10A of IAS 20; or</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>the loan is a forgivable loan (as defined in paragraph 3 of               IAS 20) to which paragraph 10 of IAS 20 applies.</p></li></ol>         <p>The Committee observed that making these assessments require judgement based on the           specific facts and circumstances. The Committee therefore noted that it is not in a           position to conclude on whether the TLTRO III tranches contain a benefit of a government           loan at a below-market rate of interest or a forgivable loan in the scope of IAS 20.</p>         <p>The Committee acknowledged that judgement may also be required to identify the related           costs for which the portion of the TLTRO III tranche that is treated as a government grant           is intended to compensate. The Committee nonetheless concluded that IAS 20 provides an           adequate basis for the bank to assess whether the TLTRO III tranches contain a portion           that is treated as a government grant in IAS 20 and, if so, how to account for that           portion.</p>         <p>…</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Disclosure</p>         <p>If a bank assesses that the ECB meets the definition of government in IAS 20 and that it           has received government assistance from the ECB, the bank needs to provide the information           required by paragraph 39 of IAS 20 regarding government grants and government           assistance.</p>         <p>Given the judgements required and the risks arising from the TLTRO III tranches, a bank           also needs to consider the requirements in paragraphs 117, 122 and 125 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, as well           as paragraphs 7, 21 and 31 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 7</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph>. These           paragraphs require a bank to disclose information that includes its significant accounting           policies and management’s assumptions and judgements in applying its accounting policies           that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial           statements.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Conclusion</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that IAS 20 provides an adequate basis for the bank to assess           whether TLTRO III tranches contain a portion that is treated as a government grant in IAS           20 and, if so, how to account for that portion.</p>         <p>…</p>         <p>For these reasons, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project to the           work plan.]</p>       </fn>     </bodydiv></body></topic>