<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="d5e1847"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0001">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0164">In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> with the <xref id="IFRIC19_X0150" base="F31974336" href="../cf2010/CF2010_TOC0001.dita#CF2010_TOC0001"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph></xref>. </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0002">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0165">In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>. </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0003">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0166">The reference is to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Interpretation was developed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0004">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0167">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0005">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0168">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0006">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0169">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> are to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0007">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0170">References to the <i>Framework</i> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Interpretation was developed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0008">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0171">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0009">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0172"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, deleted paragraph 49 of IAS 39. The requirements in that paragraph were relocated, unchanged, to paragraph 47 of IFRS 13 as a consequence of the IASB’s fair value measurement project.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0010">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0173"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. Paragraph 49 of IAS 39 was ultimately relocated to paragraph 47 of IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>. Paragraph BC22 refers to matters relevant when IFRIC 19 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0011">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0174">now paragraph 4.25(a) of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0012">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0175">now paragraph 4.30 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0013">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0176">now paragraph 4.32 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0014">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0177">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0015">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0178">now paragraph 4.25(a) of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0016">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0179">now paragraph 4.30 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0017">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0180">now paragraph 4.32 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0018">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0181">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0019">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0182">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0020">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0183">now paragraph 4.31 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC19_FN0021">       <p id="IFRIC19_P0184">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. Paragraph 49 of IAS 39 was ultimately relocated to paragraph 47 of IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>. Paragraph BC22 refers to matters relevant when IFRIC 19 was issued.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>