<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRIC07_BC23" base="F124981" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC23</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRIC 7" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC23" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRIC07_P0464" class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC observed that some respondents to D5 suggested that deferred tax items in the opening balance sheet should be remeasured after restating the opening balance sheet with the measurement unit current at the closing balance sheet date of the reporting period. In the IFRIC’s view, that proposal would (in case of a deferred tax liability) overstate the deferred tax item recognised in the opening balance sheet and, accordingly, understate the costs recognised in the reporting period. This is because the loss on the tax base caused by the inflation in the reporting period would be recognised directly in opening equity. The IFRIC illustrated this by the following example:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F15647393" type="none" id="IFRIC07_L0006" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value "> </li_value>         <p base="F15647394" id="IFRIC07_P0465" class="- topic/p ">At the end of Year 1, a non‑monetary asset is restated at the measurement unit current at that date. Its restated amount is CU1,000<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRIC07_FN0004" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> and its tax base is CU500. If the tax rate is 30 per cent, the entity would remeasure a deferred tax liability of CU150. In Year 2 inflation is 100 per cent. Assuming that nothing has changed the entity would, in its restated financial statements, recognise an asset of CU2,000 (both at the closing balance sheet date of the reporting period and in the comparative figures). At the closing balance sheet date, the deferred tax liability is remeasured at CU450 ((CU2,000 – CU500) × 0.3). However, if the comparative deferred tax liability is remeasured after restating the asset by the measuring unit current at the closing balance sheet date of the reporting period, the entity should recognise an opening deferred tax liability of CU450, and there would be no impact on profit or loss (CU450 – CU450). On the other hand, if the comparatives are stated as proposed in D5, the restated opening deferred tax liability would be CU300 ((CU1,000 – CU500) × 0.3) × 100% + CU150). Accordingly, the entity should recognise a loss of CU150 (CU450 – CU300), which is the loss of purchasing power on the tax base in the reporting period.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>