<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS07_IG18" base="F95448" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>IG18</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;7"/><data name="paranum" value="IG18"/></prolog><body><bodydiv base="IASB-IAS2023-1">       <p><xref href="IFRS07_34.dita">Paragraph 34</xref> requires disclosure of quantitative data         about concentrations of risk. For example, concentrations of credit risk may arise from:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value><p>industry sectors. Thus, if an entity&#x2019;s counterparties are           concentrated in one or more industry sectors (such as retail or wholesale), it would           disclose separately exposure to risks arising from each concentration of           counterparties.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value><p>credit rating or other measure of credit quality. Thus, if an           entity&#x2019;s counterparties are concentrated in one or more credit qualities (such as secured           loans or unsecured loans) or in one or more credit ratings (such as investment grade or           speculative grade), it would disclose separately exposure to risks arising from each           concentration of counterparties.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value><p>geographical distribution. Thus, if an entity&#x2019;s counterparties           are concentrated in one or more geographical markets (such as Asia or Europe), it would           disclose separately exposure to risks arising from each concentration of           counterparties.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value><p>a limited number of individual counterparties or groups of             closely related counterparties.</p></li></ol>     </bodydiv></body></paragraph>