<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS07_IG36"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>IG36</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 7"/><data name="paranum" value="IG36"/></prolog><body><variant id="IFRS07_IG36_V2" base="F19783064" principles="no">       <p id="IFRS07_P2062" outputclass="keep_with_next">The following example illustrates the application of the disclosure requirement in <xref id="IFRS07_X1189" base="F19783065" href="IFRS07_40.dita#IFRS07_40">paragraph 40(a)</xref>: </p>       <table id="IFRS07_TAB0020" base="F19783066" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry colname="C1">                 <p id="IFRS07_P2063" typeface="sansserif"><b>Interest rate risk</b></p>               </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">                 <p id="IFRS07_P2064" base="SL19783070">At 31 December 20X2, if interest rates at that date had been 10 basis points lower with all other variables held constant, post-tax profit for the year would have been CU1.7 million (20X1—CU2.4 million) higher, arising mainly as a result of lower interest expense on variable borrowings. If interest rates had been 10 basis points higher, with all other variables held constant, post-tax profit would have been CU1.5 million (20X1—CU2.1 million) lower, arising mainly as a result of higher interest expense on variable borrowings. Profit is more sensitive to interest rate decreases than increases because of borrowings with capped interest rates. The sensitivity is lower in 20X2 than in 20X1 because of a reduction in outstanding borrowings that has occurred as the entity’s debt has matured (see note X).<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS07_FN0012" type="fn"/></p>               </entry></row><row keep_together="1"><entry colname="C1">                 <p id="IFRS07_P2065" typeface="sansserif"><b>Foreign currency exchange rate risk</b></p>               </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">                 <p id="IFRS07_P2066" base="SL19783075">At 31 December 20X2, if the CU had weakened 10 per cent against the US dollar with all other variables held constant, post‑tax profit for the year would have been CU2.8 million (20X1—CU6.4 million) lower, and other comprehensive income would have been CU1.2 million (20X1—CU1.1 million) higher. Conversely, if the CU had strengthened 10 per cent against the US dollar with all other variables held constant, post‑tax profit would have been CU2.8 million (20X1—CU6.4 million) higher, and other comprehensive income would have been CU1.2 million (20X1—CU1.1 million) lower. The lower foreign currency exchange rate sensitivity in profit in 20X2 compared with 20X1 is attributable to a reduction in foreign currency denominated debt. Equity is more sensitive in 20X2 than in 20X1 because of the increased use of hedges of foreign currency purchases, offset by the reduction in foreign currency debt.</p>               </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>            </variant></body></paragraph>