<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="Edu_footnotes"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv>   <fn base="IFRS07_39" id="EDUFN-ad2020-december-ap4_IFRS07-condensed">          <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about reverse factoring arrangements. Specifically, the request asked:</p>     <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>how an entity presents liabilities to pay for goods or services               received when the related invoices are part of a reverse factoring arrangement;               and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>what information about reverse factoring arrangements an entity               is required to disclose in its financial statements.</p></li></ol>     <p>In a reverse factoring arrangement, a financial institution agrees to pay amounts an entity           owes to the entity&#x2019;s suppliers and the entity agrees to pay the financial institution at           the same date as, or a date later than, suppliers are paid.</p>     <p>...</p>    <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Notes to the financial statements</p>     <p><xref href="IFRS07_31.dita" scope="local">Paragraph 31 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph></xref> requires an entity to provide information that enables users of its financial statements to evaluate the nature and extent of risks arising from financial instruments to which the entity is exposed. IFRS 7 defines liquidity risk as &#x2018;the risk that an entity will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset&#x2019;. The Committee observed that reverse factoring arrangements often give rise to liquidity risk because:</p>     <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the entity has concentrated a portion of its liabilities with               one financial institution rather than a diverse group of suppliers. The entity may               also obtain other sources of funding from the financial institution providing the               reverse factoring arrangement. If the entity were to encounter any difficulty in               meeting its obligations, such a concentration would increase the risk that the entity               might have to pay a significant amount, at one time, to one counterparty.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>the entity may have become reliant on extended payment terms or the entity&#x2019;s supplier may have become accustomed to, or reliant on, earlier payment under the reverse factoring arrangement. If the financial institution were to withdraw the reverse factoring arrangement, that withdrawal could affect the entity&#x2019;s ability to settle liabilities when they are due, particularly if the entity were already in financial distress.</p></li></ol>     <p><xref href="IFRS07_g33-33.dita" scope="local">Paragraphs 33&#x2013;35 of IFRS 7</xref> require an           entity to disclose how exposures to risk arising from financial instruments, including           liquidity risk, arise; the entity&#x2019;s objectives, policies and processes for managing the           risk; summary quantitative data about the entity&#x2019;s exposure to liquidity risk at the end           of the reporting period (including further information if this data is unrepresentative of           the entity&#x2019;s exposure to liquidity risk during the period); and concentrations of risk.             <xref href="IFRS07_39.dita" scope="local">Paragraphs 39</xref> and <xref href="IFRS07_B11F.dita" scope="local">B11F of IFRS 7</xref> specify further requirements           and factors an entity might consider in providing liquidity risk disclosures.</p>     <p>...</p>     <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine the presentation of liabilities that are part of reverse factoring arrangements, the presentation of the related cash flows, and the information to disclose in the notes about, for example, liquidity risks that arise in such arrangements. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project on these matters to the work plan.]&#xa0;</p>   </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>