<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="SIC32_BC12" base="SL35699"><paranum>12</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="SIC&#x2011;32"/><data name="paranum" value="12"/></prolog><body><p id="SIC32_P0124"><xref id="SIC32_X0111" base="F7223451" href="../ias38/IAS38_68.dita#IAS38_68">IAS 38.<u>68</u></xref><line-through>56</line-through> requires expenditure on an intangible item to be recognised as an expense when incurred unless it forms part of the cost of an intangible asset that meets the recognition criteria in <xref id="SIC32_X0112" base="F7223453" href="../ias38/IAS38_g18-67.dita#IAS38_g18-67">IAS 38.18&#x2013;.<u>67</u></xref><line-through>55</line-through>. <xref id="SIC32_X0113" base="F7223454" href="../ias38/IAS38_69.dita#IAS38_69">IAS 38.<u>69</u></xref><line-through>57</line-through> requires expenditure on start&#x2011;up activities to be recognised as an expense when incurred. An entity developing its own web site for internal or external access is not undertaking a start&#x2011;up activity to the extent that an internally generated intangible asset is created. The requirements and guidance in <xref id="SIC32_X0114" base="F7223455" href="../ias38/IAS38_52.dita#IAS38_52">IAS 38.<u>52&#x2013;.67</u></xref><line-through>40.55</line-through>, in addition to the general requirements described in <xref id="SIC32_X0115" base="F7223456" href="../ias38/IAS38_21.dita#IAS38_21">IAS 38.<u>21</u></xref><line-through>19</line-through> for recognition and initial measurement of an intangible asset, apply to expenditure incurred on the development of an entity&#x2019;s own web site. As described in <xref id="SIC32_X0116" base="F7223457" href="../ias38/IAS38_g65-67.dita#IAS38_g65-67/IAS38_g65-67_TI">IAS 38.<u>65&#x2013;.67</u></xref><line-through>53&#x2013;.55</line-through>, the cost of a web site recognised as an internally generated intangible asset comprises all expenditure that can be directly attributed<line-through>, or allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis,</line-through> <u>and is necessary</u> to creating, producing and preparing the asset for <u>it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management</u> <line-through>its intended use</line-through>.</p></body></paragraph>