<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="SIC32_BC14" base="SL35701"><paranum>14</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="SIC&#x2011;32"/><data name="paranum" value="14"/></prolog><body><p id="SIC32_P0128"><xref id="SIC32_X0121" base="F7223487" href="../ias38/IAS38_57.dita#IAS38_57">IAS 38.<u>57</u></xref><line-through>45</line-through> requires an intangible asset arising from the development phase of an internal project to be recognised <u>only</u> if an entity can demonstrate fulfilment of the six criteria specified. One of the criteria is to demonstrate how a web site will generate probable future economic benefits (<xref id="SIC32_X0122" base="F7223488" href="../ias38/IAS38_57.dita#IAS38_57">IAS 38.<u>57</u></xref><line-through>45</line-through>(d)). <xref id="SIC32_X0123" base="F7223489" href="../ias38/IAS38_60.dita#IAS38_60">IAS 38.<u>60</u></xref><line-through>48</line-through> indicates that this criterion is met by assessing the economic benefits to be received from the web site and using the principles in <xref id="SIC32_X0124" base="F16456753" href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001">IAS 36 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph></xref>, which considers the present value of estimated future cash flows from continuing use of the web site. Future economic benefits flowing from an intangible asset, as stated in <xref id="SIC32_X0125" base="F16456754" href="../ias38/IAS38_g17-17.dita#IAS38_g17-17">IAS 38.17</xref>, may include revenue from the sale of products or services, cost savings, or other benefits resulting from the use of the asset by the entity. Therefore, future economic benefits from a web site may be assessed when the web site is capable of generating revenues. A web site developed solely or primarily for advertising and promoting an entity&#x2019;s own products and services is not recognised as an intangible asset, because the entity cannot demonstrate the future economic benefits that will flow. Consequently, all expenditure on developing a web site solely or primarily for promoting and advertising an entity&#x2019;s own products and services is recognised as an expense when incurred.</p></body></paragraph>