<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="CONSTITUTION_PREFACE"><title base="F22464401" level="1" id="CONSTITUTION_PREFACE_TI">Preface</title><body><p base="F22461693" id="CONSTITUTION_P0001">This <i>Constitution</i> was approved in its       original form by the former International Accounting Standards Committee (IASC) in March 2000       and by the members of the IASC at a meeting in Edinburgh on 24 May 2000.</p><p base="F22464404" id="CONSTITUTION_P0002">At its meeting in December 1999, the IASC had       appointed a Nominating Committee to select the first Trustees. Those Trustees were nominated       on 22 May 2000 and took office on 24 May 2000 as a result of the approval of         the <i>Constitution</i>. In execution of their duties under the <i>Constitution</i>, the       Trustees formed the International Accounting Standards Committee Foundation (IASC Foundation)       on 6 February 2001. As a consequence of a resolution by the Trustees, Part C of the         revised <i>Constitution</i>, approved on 24 May 2000, ceased to have effect and was       deleted.</p><p base="F22464405" id="CONSTITUTION_P0003">Reflecting the Trustees&#x2019; decision to create the IFRS Interpretations Committee, and following public consultation, the <i>Constitution</i> was revised on 5 March 2002. Subsequently the Trustees amended the <i>Constitution</i>, which came into effect from 8 July 2002, to reflect other changes that had taken place since the formation of the IASC Foundation.</p><p base="F22464406" id="CONSTITUTION_P0004">The <i>Constitution</i> requires the Trustees to review the <i>Constitution</i> every five years. The Trustees initiated the first review in November 2003 and following extensive consultation completed the review in June 2005. The changes were adopted and approved by the Trustees on 21 June 2005 and came into effect on 1 July 2005. Further amendments were adopted and approved by the Trustees on 31 October 2007 and came into immediate effect.</p><p base="F22464407" id="CONSTITUTION_P0005">The Trustees formally initiated their second       five-yearly review of the organisation&#x2019;s constitutional arrangements in February 2008. The       first part of that review, which focused on public accountability and the composition and size       of the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB), led to changes that were approved by       the Trustees on 15 January 2009 and came into effect on 1 February 2009. This version reflects       further changes made at the conclusion of the review. The Trustees approved the changes on 26       January 2010 and they came into effect on 1 March 2010. In 2010, the IASC Foundation changed       its name to the IFRS Foundation.<xref keyref="footnotes/CONSTITUTION_FN0001" type="fn"/></p><p base="F22464408" id="CONSTITUTION_P0006">Following the recommendations of the Trustees&#x2019; 2011       Strategy Review<i> IFRSs as the Global Standards: Setting a Strategy for the Foundation&#x2019;s         Second Decade</i> and the Monitoring Board&#x2019;s Governance Review of the IFRS         Foundation <i>Final Report on the Review of the IFRS Foundation&#x2019;s Governance</i>, the       Trustees amended the <i>Constitution</i> to reflect the separation of the role of the Chair of       the IASB from that of the Executive Director. The Trustees approved the changes on 23 January       2013 when they took immediate effect.</p><p id="CONSTITUTION_P0007">In July 2015, the Trustees launched a review of the Structure and Effectiveness of the IFRS Foundation. This review commenced by way of a 120-day public consultation document entitled: <i>Request for Views&#x2014;Trustees&#x2019; Review of Structure and Effectiveness&#x2014;Issues for the Review</i>. The Trustees reviewed stakeholder feedback and in May 2016 concluded that it was necessary to further consult, by way of an Exposure Draft, on all the proposed changes to the <i>Constitution</i> arising from the review. The Trustees reviewed stakeholder feedback on this further consultation and in October 2016 agreed to amend the <i>Constitution</i> with immediate effect.</p><p id="CONSTITUTION_p0008">In October 2018, the Trustees approved a narrow-scope amendment         to<xref href="CONSTITUTION_11.dita#CONSTITUTION_11"> section 11 of the Foundation&#x2019;s           <i>Constitution</i></xref> to extend the term of the Trustee Chair and Vice-Chairs up to a       maximum of nine years, taking into account any previous term already served as Trustee,       Vice-Chair or Chair, as the case may be. The Trustees also approved an amendment to allow for       the Trustee Chair to be appointed from among the Trustees or to be recruited externally. These       changes came into effect on 1 December 2018.</p><p id="CONSTITUTION_P0009">In August 2020, resulting from the amendments to the IFRS         Foundation<i> Due Process Handbook</i>, the Trustees amended <xref href="CONSTITUTION_g60-63.dita#CONSTITUTION_g60-63">sections 60&#x2013;63 of the IFRS Foundation           <i>Constitution</i></xref>. These amendments reflect that the Advisory Council advises the       IASB (and Trustees) on strategic matters and no longer functions as a technical consultative       body.</p><p>In 2020, as part of their five-yearly review of the strategy of the Foundation, the Trustees       published the <i>Consultation Paper on Sustainability Reporting</i> to assess the demand for       global sustainability reporting standards and to consult on how the Foundation should respond       to that demand. In the light of the feedback to that consultation paper, the Trustees       published the Exposure Draft <i>Proposed Targeted Amendments to the IFRS Foundation           <none>Constitution</none> to Accommodate an International Sustainability Standards Board         to Set IFRS Sustainability Standards</i> in April 2021. In October 2021, in connection with       their decision to establish the International Sustainability Standards Board, the Trustees       approved the necessary changes to the <i>Constitution</i>.</p></body></topic>