<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="CONSTITUTION_11" base="F22464453"><paranum>11</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Foundation"/><data name="paranum" value="11"/></prolog><body><p id="CONSTITUTION_P0027" outputclass="keep_with_next">The Chair and up to two Vice-Chairs of the       Trustees shall be appointed by the Trustees, subject to the approval of the Monitoring       Board:</p><ol id="ol_cfy_rsl_wfb" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value><p>The Chair may be appointed from among the Trustees or recruited           externally. With the agreement of the Trustees, a Chair that is appointed from among the           Trustees may serve as Chair for a term of three years, renewable twice, from the date of           appointment as Chair, but may not exceed nine consecutive years in total length of           service, whether in the capacity of Trustee, Vice-Chair and/or Chair. If the Chair is           appointed through an external recruitment process, he or she may serve as Chair for a term           of three years, renewable twice, up to a maximum of nine consecutive years in total length           of service as Chair. The appointment of a Chair should be made with regard to maintaining           a geographical balance.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value><p>Vice-Chairs shall only be appointed from among the Trustees.           Their role shall be to chair meetings of the Trustees in the absence of the Chair or to           represent the Chair in external contacts. With the agreement of the Trustees, a Vice-Chair           may serve for a term of three years, renewable twice, from the date of appointment as           Vice-Chair, but may not exceed nine consecutive years in total length of service as a           Trustee. The appointment of a Vice-Chair(s) should be made with regard to maintaining a           geographical balance.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>