<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IFRS05_APPA"><title base="SL143467" id="IFRS05_APPA_TI">Appendix A Defined terms</title><body><note type="note">       <p base="SL73066" id="IFRS05_P0165">This appendix is an integral part of the IFRS.</p>     </note><dl base="SL143468" id="IFRS05_D0001"><dlentry base="SL143469" id="IFRS05_DI0001"><dt base="SL49277" id="IFRS05_TE0001">cash&#x2011;generating unit</dt><dd>           <p base="SL143471" id="IFRS05_P0166">The smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL143472" id="IFRS05_DI0002"><dt base="SL49278" id="IFRS05_TE0002">component of an entity</dt><dd>           <p base="SL143474" id="IFRS05_P0167">Operations and cash flows that can be clearly distinguished, operationally and for financial reporting purposes, from the rest of the entity.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL143475" id="IFRS05_DI0003"><dt base="SL49279" id="IFRS05_TE0003">costs to sell</dt><dd>           <p base="SL143477" id="IFRS05_P0168">The incremental costs directly attributable to the disposal of an asset (or&#xa0;<b>disposal group</b>), excluding finance costs and income tax expense.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL143478" id="IFRS05_DI0004"><dt base="SL49280" id="IFRS05_TE0004">current asset</dt><dd>           <p base="SL143480" id="IFRS05_P0169">An entity shall classify an asset as current when:&#xa0;</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="SL143481" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS05_L0017"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>               <p base="SL143483" id="IFRS05_P0170">it expects to realise the asset, or intends to sell or consume it, in its normal operating cycle;</p>             </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>               <p base="SL143485" id="IFRS05_P0171">it holds the asset primarily for the purpose of trading;</p>             </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>               <p base="SL143487" id="IFRS05_P0172">it expects to realise the asset within twelve months after the reporting period; or</p>             </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>               <p base="SL143489" id="IFRS05_P0173">the asset is cash or a cash equivalent (as defined in IAS&#xa0;7) unless the asset is restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period.</p>             </li></ol>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL143490" id="IFRS05_DI0005"><dt base="SL49281" id="IFRS05_TE0005">discontinued operation</dt><dd>           <p base="SL143492" id="IFRS05_P0174">A&#xa0;<b>component of an entity</b>&#xa0;that either has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale                          and:&#xa0;</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="SL143493" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS05_L0018"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>               <p base="SL143495" id="IFRS05_P0175">represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations,</p>                            </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>               <p base="SL143497" id="IFRS05_P0177">is part of a single co&#x2011;ordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations or</p>             </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>               <p base="SL143499" id="IFRS05_P0178">is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.</p>                            </li></ol>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL143500" id="IFRS05_DI0006"><dt base="SL49282" id="IFRS05_TE0006">disposal group</dt><dd>           <p base="SL143502" id="IFRS05_P0180">A group of assets to be disposed of, by sale or otherwise, together as a group in a single transaction, and liabilities directly associated with those assets that will be transferred in the transaction. The group includes goodwill acquired in a business combination if the group is a&#xa0;<b>cash&#x2011;generating unit</b>&#xa0;to which goodwill has been allocated in accordance with the requirements of&#xa0;<xref base="SL209532" href="../ias36/IAS36_80.dita#IAS36_80" id="IFRS05_X0265">paragraphs 80&#x2013;87 of IAS&#xa0;36&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph></xref>&#xa0;(as&#xa0;revised in 2004) or if it is an operation within such a cash&#x2011;generating unit.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL143503" id="IFRS05_DI0007"><dt base="SL49283" id="IFRS05_TE0007">fair value</dt><dd>           <p base="F16141333" id="IFRS05_P0181"><i>Fair value</i>&#xa0;is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. (See IFRS&#xa0;13.)</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL143506" id="IFRS05_DI0008"><dt base="SL49284" id="IFRS05_TE0008">firm purchase commitment</dt><dd>           <p base="SL143508" id="IFRS05_P0182">An agreement with an unrelated party, binding on both parties and usually legally enforceable, that (a) specifies all significant terms, including the price and timing of the transactions, and (b) includes a disincentive for non&#x2011;performance that is sufficiently large to make performance&#xa0;<b>highly probable.</b></p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL143509" id="IFRS05_DI0009"><dt base="SL49285" id="IFRS05_TE0009">highly probable</dt><dd>           <p base="SL143511" id="IFRS05_P0183">Significantly more likely than&#xa0;<b>probable</b>.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL143512" id="IFRS05_DI0010"><dt base="SL49286" id="IFRS05_TE0010">non&#x2011;current asset</dt><dd>           <p base="SL143514" id="IFRS05_P0185">An asset that does not meet the definition of a&#xa0;<b>current asset</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL143515" id="IFRS05_DI0011"><dt base="SL49287" id="IFRS05_TE0011">probable</dt><dd>           <p base="SL143517" id="IFRS05_P0186">More likely than not.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL143518" id="IFRS05_DI0012"><dt base="SL49288" id="IFRS05_TE0012">recoverable amount</dt><dd>                      <p>The higher of an asset&#x2019;s&#xa0;<b>fair value</b>&#xa0;less&#xa0;<b>costs of disposal</b>&#xa0;and its&#xa0;<b>value in use</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL143521" id="IFRS05_DI0013"><dt base="SL49289" id="IFRS05_TE0013">value in use</dt><dd>           <p base="SL143523" id="IFRS05_P0188">The present value of estimated future cash flows expected to arise from the continuing use of an asset and from its disposal at the end of its useful life.</p>         </dd></dlentry></dl></body></topic>