<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="SL35566" id="IFRS05_33" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>33</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 5"/><data name="paranum" value="33"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS05_P0108">An entity shall disclose:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL143422" id="IFRS05_L0012" type="lower-alpha"><li id="IFRS05_33_a"><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL143424" id="IFRS05_P0111">a single amount in the statement of comprehensive income comprising the total of:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="SL143425" id="IFRS05_L0013" type="lower-roman"><li id="IFRS05_33_a_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="SL143427" id="IFRS05_P0112">the post‑tax profit or loss of discontinued operations and</p>           </li><li id="IFRS05_33_a_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="SL143429" id="IFRS05_P0113">the post‑tax gain or loss recognised on the measurement to fair value less costs to sell or on the disposal of the assets or disposal group(s) constituting the discontinued operation.</p>           </li></ol>       </li><li id="IFRS05_33_b"><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL143431" id="IFRS05_P0114">an analysis of the single amount in (a) into:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="SL143432" id="IFRS05_L0014" type="lower-roman"><li id="IFRS05_33_b_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="SL143434" id="IFRS05_P0115">the revenue, expenses and pre‑tax profit or loss of discontinued operations;</p>           </li><li id="IFRS05_33_b_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="SL143436" id="IFRS05_P0116">the related income tax expense as required by <xref base="SL209531" href="../ias12/IAS12_81.dita#IAS12_81" id="IFRS05_X0200">paragraph 81(h) of IAS 12</xref>.</p>           </li><li id="IFRS05_33_b_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value>             <p base="SL143438" id="IFRS05_P0117">the gain or loss recognised on the measurement to fair value less costs to sell or on the disposal of the assets or disposal group(s) constituting the discontinued operation; and</p>           </li><li id="IFRS05_33_b_iv"><li_value>(iv)</li_value>             <p base="F34418627" id="IFRS05_P0118">the related income tax expense as required by paragraph 81(h) of IAS 12.</p>           </li></ol>         <p base="SL143441" id="IFRS05_P0119">The analysis may be presented in the notes or in the statement of comprehensive income. If it is presented in the statement of comprehensive income it shall be presented in a section identified as relating to discontinued operations, ie separately from continuing operations. The analysis is not required for disposal groups that are newly acquired subsidiaries that meet the criteria to be classified as held for sale                      on acquisition (see <xref base="F4-85" href="IFRS05_11.dita#IFRS05_11" id="IFRS05_X0202">paragraph 11</xref>).                    </p>       </li><li id="IFRS05_33_c"><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="SL143443" id="IFRS05_P0120">the net cash flows attributable to the operating, investing and financing activities of discontinued operations. These disclosures may be presented either in the notes or in the financial statements. These disclosures are not required for disposal groups that are newly acquired subsidiaries that meet the criteria to be classified as held for sale on acquisition (see <xref base="F4-86" href="IFRS05_11.dita#IFRS05_11" id="IFRS05_X0204">paragraph 11</xref>).</p>       </li><li id="IFRS05_33_d"><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="F4967906" id="IFRS05_P0121">the amount of income from continuing operations and from discontinued operations attributable to owners of the parent. These disclosures may be presented either in the notes or in the statement of comprehensive income.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>