<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS01_BC95" base="F4009207" principles="no"><paranum>BC95</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 1"/><data name="paranum" value="BC95"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS01_P4258">However, the Board noted the following arguments against requiring disclosure of externally imposed entity&#x2011;specific capital requirements.</p><ol id="IAS01_L0102" base="F4009209" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4259" base="F4009210">Users of financial statements might rely primarily on the regulator&#x2019;s assessment of solvency risk without making their own risk assessment.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4260" base="F4009212">The focus of a regulator&#x2019;s risk assessment is for those whose interests the regulations are intended to protect (eg depositors or policyholders). This emphasis is different from that of a shareholder. Thus, it could be misleading to suggest that the regulator&#x2019;s risk assessment could, or should, be a substitute for independent analysis by investors.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4261" base="F4009214">The disclosure of entity&#x2011;specific capital requirements imposed by a regulator might undermine that regulator&#x2019;s ability to impose such requirements. For example, the information could cause depositors to withdraw funds, a prospect that might discourage regulators from imposing requirements. Furthermore, an entity&#x2019;s regulatory dialogue would become public, which might not be appropriate in all circumstances.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4262" base="F4009236">Because different regulators have different tools available, for example formal requirements and moral suasion, a requirement to disclose entity&#x2011;specific capital requirements could not be framed in a way that would lead to the provision of information that is comparable across entities.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4263" base="F4009238">Disclosure of capital requirements (and hence, regulatory judgements) could hamper clear communication to the entity of the regulator&#x2019;s assessment by creating incentives to use moral suasion and other informal mechanisms.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4264" base="F4009240">Disclosure requirements should not focus on entity&#x2011;specific capital requirements in isolation, but should focus on how entity&#x2011;specific capital requirements affect how an entity manages and determines the adequacy of its capital resources.</p></li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4265" base="F4009242">A requirement to disclose entity&#x2011;specific capital requirements imposed by a regulator is not part of Pillar 3 of the Basel II Framework developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>