<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS01_BC99" base="F4009249" principles="no"><paranum>BC99</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 1"/><data name="paranum" value="BC99"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS01_P4269" outputclass="keep_with_next">However, this proposal was criticised by respondents to ED 7 for the following reasons:</p><ol id="IAS01_L0103" base="F4009251" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p id="IAS01_P4270" base="F4009252">The information is subjective and, thus, not comparable between entities. In particular, different entities will set internal targets for different reasons, so a breach of a requirement might signify different things for different entities. In contrast, a breach of an external requirement has similar implications for all entities required to comply with similar requirements.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p id="IAS01_P4271" base="F4009254">Capital targets are not more important than other internally set financial targets, and to require disclosure only of capital targets would provide users with incomplete, and perhaps misleading, information.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p id="IAS01_P4272" base="F4009268">Internal targets are estimates that are subject to change by the entity. It is not appropriate to require the entity&#x2019;s performance against this benchmark to be disclosed.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p id="IAS01_P4273" base="F4009270">An internally set capital target can be manipulated by management. The disclosure requirement could cause management to set the target so that it would always be achieved, providing little useful information to users and potentially reducing the effectiveness of the entity&#x2019;s capital management.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>