<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS01_BC106" base="F4009305" principles="no"><paranum>BC106</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 1"/><data name="paranum" value="BC106"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS01_P4301">In developing IAS 1, the Board identified the following differences from SFAS 130:</p><ol id="IAS01_L0105" base="F4009307" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4302" base="F4009310"><b>Reporting and display of comprehensive income</b> Paragraph 22 of SFAS 130 permits a choice of displaying comprehensive income and its components, in one or two statements of financial performance or in a statement of changes in equity. IAS 1 (as revised in 2007) does not permit display in a statement of changes in equity.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4303" base="F4009313"><b>Reporting other comprehensive income in the equity section of a statement of financial position</b> Paragraph 26 of SFAS 130 specifically states that the <i>total of other comprehensive income</i> is reported separately from retained earnings and additional paid&#x2011;in capital in a statement of financial position at the end of the period. A descriptive title such as <i>accumulated other comprehensive income</i> is used for that component of equity. An entity discloses accumulated balances for each classification in that separate component of equity in a statement of financial position, in a statement of changes in equity, or in notes to the financial statements. IAS 1 (as revised in 2007) does not specifically require the display of a total of accumulated other comprehensive income in the statement of financial position.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4304" base="F4009318"><b>Display of the share of other comprehensive income items of associates and joint ventures accounted for using the equity method</b> Paragraph 82 of IAS 1 (as revised in 2007) requires the display in the statement of comprehensive income of the investor&#x2019;s share of the investee&#x2019;s other comprehensive income. Paragraph 122 of SFAS 130 does not specify how that information should be displayed. An investor is permitted to combine its proportionate share of other comprehensive income amounts with its own other comprehensive income items and display the aggregate of those amounts in an income statement type format or in a statement of changes in equity.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>