<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS01_BC38G" base="F38871492"><paranum>BC38G</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 1"/><data name="paranum" value="BC38G"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS01_P4112">The Board therefore included additional requirements in IAS 1 to help entities apply paragraphs 55 and 85. These additional requirements supplement the existing guidance on fair presentation in paragraphs 15 and 17 of IAS 1. They are designed to clarify the factors that should be considered when fairly presenting subtotals in the statement of financial position and the statement(s) of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. Specifically, the subtotal should:</p><ol id="IAS01_L0090" base="F38871493" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4113" base="F38871495">be comprised of line items made up of amounts recognised and measured in accordance with IFRS.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4114" base="F38871497">be understandable. It should be clear what line items are included in the subtotal by the way that the subtotal is presented and labelled. For example, if an entity presents a commonly reported subtotal, but excludes items that would normally be considered as part of that subtotal, the label should reflect what has been excluded.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4115" base="F38871499">be consistent from period to period. The subtotal should be consistently presented and calculated from period to period (in accordance with paragraph 45 of IAS 1), subject to possible changes in accounting policy or estimates assessed in accordance with IAS 8.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4116" base="F38871501">not be displayed with more prominence than those subtotals and totals required in IFRS for either the statement(s) of profit or loss and other comprehensive income or the statement of financial position.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>