<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS01_BC8" base="F3957499" principles="no"><paranum>BC8</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 1"/><data name="paranum" value="BC8"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS01_P4013">In April 2004 the Board and the FASB decided to work on financial statement presentation as a joint project. They agreed that the project should address presentation and display not only in the income statement, but also in the other statements that, together with the income statement, would constitute a complete set of financial statements&#x2014;the balance sheet, the statement of changes in equity, and the cash flow statement. The Board decided to approach the project in two phases. Phase A would address the statements that constitute a complete set of financial statements and the periods for which they are required to be presented. Phase B would be undertaken jointly with the FASB and would address more fundamental issues relating to presentation and display of information in the financial statements, including:</p><ol id="IAS01_L0084" base="F3957501" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4014" base="F3957512">consistent principles for aggregating information in each financial statement.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4015" base="F3957514">the totals and subtotals that should be reported in each financial statement.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4016" base="F3957516">whether components of other comprehensive income should be reclassified to profit or loss and, if so, the characteristics of the transactions and events that should be reclassified and when reclassification should be made.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4017" base="F3957518">whether the direct or the indirect method of presenting operating cash flows provides more useful information.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>