<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IAS36_7" base="SL32229" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>7</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS&#xa0;36"/><data name="paranum" value="7"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS36_P0117"><xref id="IAS36_X0183" base="SL195761" href="IAS36_8.dita#IAS36_8">Paragraphs 8&#x2013;17</xref> specify when recoverable amount shall be determined. These requirements use the term &#x2018;an asset&#x2019; but apply equally to an individual asset or a cash&#x2011;generating unit. The remainder of this Standard is structured as follows: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS36_L0010" base="SL148467" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0118" base="SL148469"><xref id="IAS36_X0184" base="A36-217" href="IAS36_18.dita#IAS36_18">paragraphs 18&#x2013;57</xref> set out the requirements for measuring recoverable amount. These requirements also use the term &#x2018;an asset&#x2019; but apply equally to an individual asset and a cash&#x2011;generating unit.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0119" base="SL148471"><xref id="IAS36_X0185" base="A36-218" href="IAS36_58.dita#IAS36_58">paragraphs 58&#x2013;108</xref> set out the requirements for recognising and measuring impairment losses. Recognition and measurement of impairment losses for individual assets other than goodwill are dealt with in <xref id="IAS36_X0186" base="A36-219" href="IAS36_58.dita#IAS36_58">paragraphs 58&#x2013;64</xref>. <xref id="IAS36_X0187" base="SL195762" href="IAS36_65.dita#IAS36_65">Paragraphs 65&#x2013;108</xref> deal with the recognition and measurement of impairment losses for cash&#x2011;generating units and goodwill.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0120" base="SL148473"><xref id="IAS36_X0188" base="A36-220" href="IAS36_109.dita#IAS36_109">paragraphs 109&#x2013;116</xref> set out the requirements for reversing an impairment loss recognised in prior periods for an asset or a cash&#x2011;generating unit. Again, these requirements use the term &#x2018;an asset&#x2019; but apply equally to an individual asset or a cash&#x2011;generating unit. Additional requirements for an individual asset are set out in <xref id="IAS36_X0189" base="A36-221" href="IAS36_117.dita#IAS36_117">paragraphs&#xa0;117&#x2013;121</xref>, for a cash&#x2011;generating unit in <xref id="IAS36_X0190" base="A36-222" href="IAS36_122.dita#IAS36_122">paragraphs 122 and 123</xref>, and for goodwill in <xref id="IAS36_X0191" base="SL195763" href="IAS36_124.dita#IAS36_124">paragraphs&#xa0;124 and 125</xref>.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0121" base="SL148475"><xref id="IAS36_X0192" base="A36-223" href="IAS36_126.dita#IAS36_126">paragraphs 126&#x2013;133</xref> specify the information to be disclosed about impairment losses and reversals of impairment losses for assets and cash&#x2011;generating units. <xref id="IAS36_X0193" base="SL195764" href="IAS36_134.dita#IAS36_134">Paragraphs 134&#x2013;137</xref> specify additional disclosure requirements for cash&#x2011;generating units to which goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite useful lives  have been allocated for impairment testing purposes.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>