<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IAS36_130" principles="yes"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>130</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS&#xa0;36"/><data name="paranum" value="130"/></prolog><body outputclass="bold"><variant base="SL23915225" id="IAS36_130_V2"> <p id="IAS36_P0422">An entity shall disclose the following for an individual asset (including goodwill) or a cash&#x2011;generating unit, for which an impairment loss has been recognised or reversed during the period: </p> <ol outputclass="static" base="SL23915231" id="IAS36_L0054" type="lower-alpha"><li id="IAS36_130_a"><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="SL23915233" id="IAS36_P0423">the events and circumstances that led to the recognition or reversal of the impairment loss.</p></li><li id="IAS36_130_b"><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="SL23915236" id="IAS36_P0424">the amount of the impairment loss recognised or reversed.</p></li><li id="IAS36_130_c"><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="SL23915239" id="IAS36_P0425">for an individual asset:</p> <ol outputclass="static" base="SL23915241" id="IAS36_L0055" type="lower-roman"><li id="IAS36_130_c_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p base="SL23915243" id="IAS36_P0426">the nature of the asset; and</p></li><li id="IAS36_130_c_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p base="SL23915246" id="IAS36_P0427">if the entity reports segment information in accordance with <xref base="F23915248" href="../ifrs08/IFRS08_TOC.dita#IFRS08_TOC0001" id="IAS36_X0348">IFRS&#xa0;8</xref>, the reportable segment  to which the asset belongs.</p></li></ol></li><li id="IAS36_130_d"><li_value>(d)</li_value>                     <p base="SL23915253" id="IAS36_P0428" outputclass="keep_with_next">for a                         cash&#x2011;generating unit:</p>                     <ol outputclass="static" base="SL23915255" id="IAS36_L0056" type="lower-roman"><li id="IAS36_130_d_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>                             <p base="SL23915257" id="IAS36_P0429">a description of the                                 cash&#x2011;generating unit (such as whether it is a product line, a plant,                                 a business operation, a geographical area, or a reportable segment                                 as defined in <xref base="F23915259" href="../ifrs08/IFRS08_TOC.dita#IFRS08_TOC0001" id="IAS36_X0350">IFRS&#xa0;8</xref>);</p></li><li id="IAS36_130_d_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>                             <p base="SL23915261" id="IAS36_P0430">the amount of the impairment loss                                 recognised or reversed by class of assets  and, if the entity reports segment                                 information in accordance with <xref base="F23915266" href="../ifrs08/IFRS08_TOC.dita#IFRS08_TOC0001" id="IAS36_X0352">IFRS&#xa0;8</xref>, by reportable segment;                              and</p></li><li id="IAS36_130_d_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value>                             <p base="SL23915271" id="IAS36_P0431">if the aggregation of assets for                                 identifying the cash&#x2011;generating unit has changed since the previous                                 estimate of the cash&#x2011;generating unit&#x2019;s recoverable amount (if any), a description of the current and former                                 way of aggregating assets and the reasons for changing the way the                                 cash&#x2011;generating unit is identified.</p></li></ol></li><li id="IAS36_130_e"><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p base="SL23915275" id="IAS36_P0432">the recoverable amount of the asset (cash&#x2011;generating unit) and whether the recoverable amount of the asset (cash&#x2011;generating unit) is its fair value less costs of disposal or its value in use.</p></li><li id="IAS36_130_f"><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p base="SL23915280" id="IAS36_P0433">if the recoverable amount is fair value less costs of disposal, the entity shall disclose the following information:</p> <ol outputclass="static" base="F23915340" id="IAS36_L0057" type="lower-roman"><li id="IAS36_130_f_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p base="F23915341" id="IAS36_P0434">the level of the fair value hierarchy (see <xref base="F24807224" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS36_X0354">IFRS&#xa0;13</xref>) within which the fair value measurement of the asset (cash&#x2011;generating unit) is categorised in its entirety (without taking into account whether the &#x2018;costs of disposal&#x2019; are observable);</p></li><li id="IAS36_130_f_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p base="F23915343" id="IAS36_P0435">for fair value measurements categorised within Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, a description of the valuation technique(s) used to measure fair value less costs of disposal. If there has been a change in valuation technique, the entity shall disclose that change and the reason(s) for making it; and</p></li><li id="IAS36_130_f_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value> <p base="F23915345" id="IAS36_P0436">for fair value measurements categorised within Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, each key assumption on which management has based its determination of fair value less costs of disposal. Key assumptions are those to which the asset&#x2019;s (cash&#x2011;generating unit&#x2019;s) recoverable amount is most sensitive.  The entity shall also disclose the discount rate(s)  used in the current measurement and previous measurement if fair value less costs of disposal is measured using a present value technique.</p></li></ol> </li><li id="IAS36_130_g"><li_value>(g)</li_value> <p base="SL23915289" id="IAS36_P0438">if recoverable amount is value in use, the discount rate(s)  used in the current estimate and previous estimate (if any) of value in use.</p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>