<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="SL32234" principles="yes" id="IAS36_12"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>12</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS&#xa0;36"/><data name="paranum" value="12"/></prolog><body outputclass="bold"><p id="IAS36_P0128">In assessing whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired, an entity shall consider, as a minimum, the following indications:&#xa0;</p><p base="F15649716" outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P0129"><b>External sources of information</b></p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL148481" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS36_L0012"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL148483" id="IAS36_P0130">there are observable indications that the asset&#x2019;s value has declined during the period significantly more than would be expected as a result of the passage of time or normal use.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL148485" id="IAS36_P0131">significant changes with an adverse effect on the entity have taken place during the period, or will take place in the near future, in the technological, market, economic or legal environment in which the entity operates or in the market to which an asset is dedicated.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="SL148487" id="IAS36_P0132">market interest rates or other market rates of return on investments have increased during the period, and those increases are likely to affect the discount rate                      used in calculating an asset&#x2019;s&#xa0;value in use&#xa0;and decrease the asset&#x2019;s&#xa0;recoverable amount&#xa0;materially.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="SL148489" id="IAS36_P0133">the&#xa0;carrying amount&#xa0;of the net assets of the entity is more than its market capitalisation.</p>       </li></ol><p base="F15649718" outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P0134"><b>Internal sources of information</b></p><ol outputclass="static" base="F7810133" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS36_L0013"><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p base="F7404163" id="IAS36_P0135">evidence is available of obsolescence or physical damage of an asset.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>         <p base="F7404164" id="IAS36_P0136">significant changes with an adverse effect on the entity have taken place during the period, or are expected to take place in the near future, in the extent to which, or manner in which, an asset is used or is expected to be used. These changes include the asset becoming idle, plans to discontinue or restructure the operation to which an asset belongs, plans to dispose of an asset before the previously expected date, and reassessing the&#xa0;useful life&#xa0;of an asset as finite rather than indefinite.<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS36_FN0005" type="fn"/>                    </p>       </li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value>         <p base="F7404172" id="IAS36_P0137">evidence is available from internal reporting that indicates that the economic performance of an asset is, or will be, worse than expected.</p>       </li></ol><p base="F15649721" outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P0138">Dividend from a subsidiary,&#xa0;joint venture&#xa0;or associate</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F15649792" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS36_L0014"><li><li_value>(h)</li_value>         <p base="F15649793" id="IAS36_P0139">for an investment in a subsidiary,&#xa0;joint venture&#xa0;or associate, the investor recognises a dividend from the investment and evidence is available that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F15650632" type="lower-roman" id="IAS36_L0015"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F15650633" id="IAS36_P0140">the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds the carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements of the investee&#x2019;s net assets, including associated goodwill; or</p>           </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F15650635" id="IAS36_P0141">the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary,&#xa0;joint venture&#xa0;or associate in the period the dividend is declared.</p>           </li></ol>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>