<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IAS36_134" principles="yes"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>134</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="134"/></prolog><body outputclass="bold"><variant base="SL23915349" id="IAS36_134_V2">       <p id="IAS36_P0469">An entity shall disclose the information required by (a)–(f) for each cash‑generating unit (group of units) for which the carrying amount of goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite useful lives allocated to that unit (group of units) is significant in comparison with the entity’s total carrying amount of goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite useful lives: </p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="SL23915353" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS36_L0064"><li id="IAS36_134_a"><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL23915355" id="IAS36_P0470">the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to the unit (group of units).</p>         </li><li id="IAS36_134_b"><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL23915358" id="IAS36_P0471">the carrying amount of intangible assets with indefinite useful lives allocated to the unit (group of units).</p>         </li><li id="IAS36_134_c"><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p base="SL23915361" id="IAS36_P0472">the basis on which the unit’s (group of units’) recoverable amount has been determined (ie value in use or fair value less costs of disposal).</p>         </li><li id="IAS36_134_d"><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p base="SL23915368" id="IAS36_P0473" outputclass="keep_with_next">if the unit’s (group of             units’) recoverable amount is based on value in use:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="SL23915370" type="lower-roman" id="IAS36_L0065"><li id="IAS36_134_d_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="SL23915372" id="IAS36_P0474">each key assumption on which management has                 based its cash flow projections for the period covered by the most recent                 budgets/forecasts. Key assumptions are those to which the unit’s (group of units’)                 recoverable amount is most sensitive.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_d_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="SL23915375" id="IAS36_P0475">a description of management’s approach to                 determining the value(s) assigned to each key assumption, whether those value(s)                 reflect past experience or, if appropriate, are consistent with external sources of                 information, and, if not, how and why they differ from past experience or external                 sources of information.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_d_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value>               <p base="SL23915378" id="IAS36_P0476">the period over which management has projected                 cash flows based on financial budgets/forecasts approved by management and, when a                 period greater than five years is used for a cash‑generating unit (group of units),                 an explanation of why that longer period is justified.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_d_iv"><li_value>(iv)</li_value>               <p base="SL23915381" id="IAS36_P0477">the growth rate used to extrapolate cash flow                 projections beyond the period covered by the most recent budgets/forecasts, and the                 justification for using any growth rate that exceeds the long‑term average growth                 rate for the products, industries, or country or countries in which the entity                 operates, or for the market to which the unit (group of units) is dedicated.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_d_v"><li_value>(v)</li_value>               <p base="SL23915384" id="IAS36_P0478">the discount rate(s)                  applied to the cash flow projections.</p>             </li></ol>         </li><li id="IAS36_134_e"><li_value>(e)</li_value>           <p base="SL23915390" id="IAS36_P0479">if the unit’s (group of units’) recoverable amount is based on fair value less costs of disposal, the valuation technique(s)                          used to measure fair value less costs of disposal. An entity is not required to provide the disclosures required by IFRS 13. If fair value less costs of disposal is not measured using a quoted price for an identical unit (group of units), an entity shall disclose the following information:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="SL23915395" type="lower-roman" id="IAS36_L0066"><li id="IAS36_134_e_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="SL23915397" id="IAS36_P0480">each key assumption on which management has based its determination of fair value less costs of disposal. Key assumptions are those to which the unit’s (group of units’) recoverable amount is most sensitive.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_e_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="SL23915400" id="IAS36_P0481">a description of management’s approach to determining the value (or values) assigned to each key assumption, whether those values reflect past experience or, if appropriate, are consistent with external sources of information, and, if not, how and why they differ from past experience or external sources of information.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_e_iiA"><li_value>(iiA)</li_value>               <p base="F23915403" id="IAS36_P0482">the level of the fair value hierarchy (see IFRS 13) within which the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety (without giving regard to the observability of ‘costs of disposal’).</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_e_iiB"><li_value>(iiB)</li_value>               <p base="F23915409" id="IAS36_P0483">if there has been a change in valuation technique,                                  the change and the reason(s) for making it.</p>             </li></ol>           <p base="F23915414" id="IAS36_P0484">If fair value less costs of disposal is measured using discounted cash flow projections, an entity shall disclose the following information:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="SL23915416" type="lower-roman" id="IAS36_L0067"><li id="IAS36_134_e_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value>               <p base="F23915418" id="IAS36_P0485">the period over which management has projected cash flows.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_e_iv"><li_value>(iv)</li_value>               <p base="F23915421" id="IAS36_P0486">the growth rate used to extrapolate cash flow projections.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_e_v"><li_value>(v)</li_value>               <p base="F23915424" id="IAS36_P0487">the discount rate(s) applied to the cash flow projections.</p>             </li></ol>                    </li><li id="IAS36_134_f"><li_value>(f)</li_value>           <p base="SL23915429" id="IAS36_P0489">if a reasonably possible change in a key assumption on which management has based its determination of the unit’s (group of units’) recoverable amount would cause the unit’s (group of units’) carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="SL23915431" type="lower-roman" id="IAS36_L0068"><li id="IAS36_134_f_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="F23915433" id="IAS36_P0490">the amount by which the unit’s (group of units’) recoverable amount exceeds its carrying amount.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_f_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F23915436" id="IAS36_P0491">the value assigned to the key assumption.</p>             </li><li id="IAS36_134_f_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value>               <p base="F23915439" id="IAS36_P0492">the amount by which the value assigned to the key assumption must change, after incorporating any consequential effects of that change on the other variables used to measure recoverable amount, in order for the unit’s (group of units’) recoverable amount to be equal to its carrying amount.</p>             </li></ol>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>