<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="SL32228" id="IAS36_6" principles="yes"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>6</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="6"/></prolog><body outputclass="bold"><p id="IAS36_P0094">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings specified: </p><p base="SL148450" id="IAS36_P0095"><i>Carrying amount</i> is the amount at which an asset is recognised after deducting any accumulated depreciation (amortisation) and accumulated impairment losses thereon.</p><p base="SL148451" id="IAS36_P0096">A <i>cash‑generating unit</i> is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.</p><p base="SL148452" id="IAS36_P0097"><i>Corporate assets</i> are assets other than goodwill that contribute to the future cash flows of both the cash‑generating unit under review and other cash‑generating units.</p><p base="SL148453" id="IAS36_P0098"><i>Costs of disposal</i> are incremental costs directly attributable to the disposal of an asset or cash‑generating unit, excluding finance costs and income tax expense.</p><p base="SL148454" id="IAS36_P0099"><i>Depreciable amount</i> is the cost of an asset, or other amount substituted for cost in the financial statements, less its residual value.</p><p base="SL148455" id="IAS36_P0100"><i>Depreciation (Amortisation)</i> is the systematic allocation of the depreciable amount of an asset over its useful life.<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS36_FN0004" type="fn"/></p><p base="SL148456" id="IAS36_P0101"><i>Fair value</i> is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. (See <xref base="F16380477" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS36_X0176">IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph></xref>.)</p><p base="SL148457" id="IAS36_P0105">An <i>impairment loss</i> is the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset or a cash‑generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount.</p><p base="SL148458" id="IAS36_P0106">The <i>recoverable amount</i> of an asset or a cash‑generating unit is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use.</p><p base="SL148459" id="IAS36_P0109"><i>Useful life</i> is either:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL148460" id="IAS36_L0009" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL148462" id="IAS36_P0110">the period of time over which an asset is expected to be used by the entity; or</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL148464" id="IAS36_P0111">the number of production or similar units expected to be obtained from the asset by the entity.</p>       </li></ol><p base="SL148465" id="IAS36_P0112"><i>Value in use</i> is the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from an asset or cash‑generating unit.</p></body></paragraph>