<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IAS36_PRE"><title><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number"/>  <ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title"/></ph></title><body><p id="IAS36_P0001" base="F17966308">In April 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board (Board) adopted <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;36</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph>, which had originally been issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee in June 1998. That standard consolidated all the requirements on how to assess for recoverability of an asset. These requirements were contained in IAS&#xa0;16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph>, IAS&#xa0;22 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph>, IAS&#xa0;28 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for Associates</ph></ph> and IAS&#xa0;31 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Reporting of Interests in Joint Ventures</ph></ph>.</p><p id="IAS36_P0002" base="F17966314">The Board revised IAS&#xa0;36 in March 2004 as part of the first phase of its business combinations project. In January 2008 the Board amended IAS&#xa0;36 again as part of the second phase of its business combinations project.</p><variants id="IAS36_P0003">       <p id="IAS36_P0003_V1" base="F38986725">In May 2013 IAS&#xa0;36 was amended by <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Recoverable Amount Disclosures for Non-Financial Assets</ph></ph> (Amendments to IAS&#xa0;36). The amendments required the disclosure of information about the recoverable amount of impaired assets, if that amount is based on fair value less costs of disposal and the disclosure of additional information about that fair value measurement.</p>     </variants><variants id="IAS36_P0004">                                   <p id="IAS36_P0004_V5" base="F58803804">Other Standards have made minor consequential amendments to IAS&#xa0;36. They include IFRS&#xa0;10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> (issued May&#xa0;2011), IFRS&#xa0;11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph> (issued May&#xa0;2011), IFRS&#xa0;13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph> (issued May 2011), IFRS&#xa0;9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> (Hedge Accounting and amendments to IFRS&#xa0;9, IFRS&#xa0;7 and IAS&#xa0;39) (issued November&#xa0;2013), IFRS&#xa0;15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph> (issued May&#xa0;2014), <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Agriculture: Bearer Plants</ph></ph> (Amendments to IAS&#xa0;16 and IAS&#xa0;41) (issued June&#xa0;2014), IFRS&#xa0;9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> (issued July 2014), IFRS&#xa0;17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph> (issued May&#xa0;2017), <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</ph></ph> (issued March 2018) and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Amendments to IFRS 17</ph></ph> (issued June 2020).</p>     </variants></body></topic>