<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e2416" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IFRIC01_FN0001" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRIC01_P0251" class="- topic/p ">If an entity applies this Interpretation for a period beginning before 1 January 2005, the entity shall follow the requirements of the previous version of IAS 8, which was entitled <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Net Profit or Loss for the Period, Fundamental Errors and Changes in Accounting Policies</ph></ph>, unless the entity is applying the revised version of that Standard for that earlier period. </p></fn><fn id="IFRIC01_FN0002" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRIC01_P0252" class="- topic/p ">In these examples, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p></fn><fn id="IFRIC01_FN0003" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRIC01_P0253" class="- topic/p ">For examples of this principle, see <xref href="../IAS36.ditamap" base="F398125" id="IFRIC01_X0167" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 36 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph></xref> and <xref href="../IAS40.ditamap" base="F398126" id="IFRIC01_X0168" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 40 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Property</ph></ph></xref>. </p></fn><fn id="IFRIC01_FN0004" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRIC01_P0254" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F4757120" id="IFRIC01_X0169" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> (revised 2007) replaced the term ‘balance sheet date’ with ‘end of the reporting period’.</p></fn><fn id="IFRIC01_FN0005" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRIC01_P0255" class="- topic/p ">As a consequence of the revision of <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F5255076" id="IFRIC01_X0170" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> in 2007 the increase is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of revaluation surplus.</p></fn><fn id="IFRIC01_FN0006" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRIC01_P0256" class="- topic/p ">In March 2007, <xref href="../ias23/IAS23_TOC0001.dita#IAS23_TOC0001" base="F15826213" id="IFRIC01_X0171" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 23</xref> was revised to require the previously allowed alternative treatment of capitalisation. Capitalisation of borrowing costs for a qualifying asset becomes the only accounting treatment. That revision does not affect the reasoning set out in this Basis for Conclusions.</p></fn><fn id="IFRIC01_FN0007" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IFRIC01_P0257" class="- topic/p ">As a consequence of the revision of <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F15826216" id="IFRIC01_X0172" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> in 2007 such changes are presented in the statement of comprehensive income.</p></fn></bodydiv></body></topic>