<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="IAS19_footnotes"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IAS19_FN0005">       <p id="IAS19_P1776">A qualifying insurance policy is not necessarily an insurance contract, as defined in IFRS 4 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0006">       <p id="IAS19_P1777">A qualifying insurance policy is not necessarily an insurance contract, as defined in IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0008">       <p id="IAS19_P1779">In this Standard monetary amounts are denominated in &#x2018;currency units (CU)&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0029">       <p id="IAS19_P1852">The consolidation requirements in <xref base="F16229586" href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1166">IAS 27</xref> were superseded by <xref base="F16229585" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1167">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. The criteria for the exemption from preparing consolidated financial statements were not changed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0030">       <p id="IAS19_P1853">In September 2010 the Board replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> with the <xref base="F16229588" href="../cf2010/CF2010_TOC0001.dita#CF2010_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1168"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0031">       <p id="IAS19_P1854">References to the <i>Framework</i> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC&#x2019;s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was revised.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0032">       <p id="IAS19_P1855">In this Basis for Conclusions monetary amounts are denominated in &#x2018;currency units (CU)&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0033">       <p id="IAS19_P1856"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement</ph></ph> (Amendments to IAS 19), issued in February 2018, requires an entity to use updated actuarial assumptions to determine current service cost and net interest for the remainder of the annual reporting period after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement when the entity remeasures its net defined benefit liability (asset) in accordance with paragraph 99. Paragraphs BC173A&#x2013;BC173F explain the Board&#x2019;s rationale for the amendments. Before the amendments, IAS 19 did not require an entity to use updated assumptions to determine current service cost and net interest for the period after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement. Paragraph BC64 explained the Board&#x2019;s rationale for those previous requirements. Because the previous requirements no longer apply, the Board deleted paragraph BC64.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0034">       <p id="IAS19_P1857">The reference to the <i>Conceptual Framework</i> is to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>, issued in 2010 and in effect when the Standard was amended.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0035">       <p id="IAS19_P1858">IAS 22 was withdrawn in 2004 and replaced by <xref base="F16229899" href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1169">IFRS 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0036">       <p id="IAS19_P1859"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Defined Benefit Plans: Employee Contributions</ph></ph>, issued in November 2013, clarified the requirements that relate to how contributions from employees or third parties that are linked to service should be attributed to periods of service. In addition, it permits a practical expedient if the amount of the contributions is independent of the number of years of service. See <xref base="F35713715" href="IAS19_gBC150A-BC150F.dita" scope="local" id="IAS19_X1170">paragraphs BC150A&#x2013;BC150K</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0037">       <p id="IAS19_P1860"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Defined Benefit Plans: Employee Contributions</ph></ph>, issued in November 2013, clarified the requirements that relate to how contributions from employees or third parties that are linked to service should be attributed to periods of service. In addition, it permits a practical expedient if the amount of the contributions is independent of the number of years of service. See paragraphs BC150G&#x2013;BC150Q.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0038">       <p id="IAS19_P1861"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Defined Benefit Plans: Employee Contributions</ph></ph>, issued in November 2013, clarified the requirements that relate to how contributions from employees or third parties that are linked to service should be attributed to periods of service. In addition, it permits a practical expedient if the amount of the contributions is independent of the number of years of service. See <xref href="IAS19_gBC150A-BC150F.dita" id="IAS19_X1171">paragraphs BC150A&#x2013;BC150K</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0039">       <p id="IAS19_P1862"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Defined Benefit Plans: Employee Contributions</ph></ph>, issued in November 2013, clarified the requirements that relate to how contributions from employees or third parties that are linked to service should be attributed to periods of service. In addition, it permits a practical expedient if the amount of the contributions is independent of the number of years of service. See paragraphs BC150G&#x2013;BC150Q.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0040">       <p id="IAS19_P1863"> In 2005 the IASB amended IAS 32 as <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0041">       <p id="IAS19_P1864"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidation&#x2014;Special Purpose Entities</ph></ph> was withdrawn and superseded by <xref base="F16230725" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1172"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 10</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. There is no longer specific accounting guidance for special purpose entities because <xref base="F16230726" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1173">IFRS 10</xref> applies to all types of entities.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0042">       <p id="IAS19_P1865"><xref base="F68304899" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1174">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph></xref> replaced <xref base="F19791036" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1175">IAS 39</xref>. <xref base="F77793738" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001/IFRS09_TOC0001_V2" id="IAS19_X1176">IFRS 9</xref> applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39. The requirements in paragraph AG59 of IAS 39 were relocated to paragraph B3.3.3 of IFRS 9.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0043">       <p id="IAS19_P1866"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidation&#x2014;Special Purpose Entities</ph></ph> was withdrawn and superseded by <xref base="F19791055" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1177"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 10</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. There is no longer specific accounting guidance for special purpose entities because <xref base="F19791057" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1178">IFRS 10</xref> applies to all types of entities.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0044">       <p id="IAS19_P1867"><xref base="F68304900" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1179">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph></xref> replaced <xref base="F19791096" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1180">IAS 39</xref>. <xref base="F77793739" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001/IFRS09_TOC0001_V2" id="IAS19_X1181">IFRS 9</xref> applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IAS 19 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0045">       <p id="IAS19_P1868">IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>, issued in May 2017, replaced IFRS 4.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0046">       <p id="IAS19_P1869"><xref base="F16230794" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1182"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value, describes the effect transaction costs have on a fair value measurement and addresses the application of bid and ask prices when measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0047">       <p id="IAS19_P1870">Superseded by <xref base="F16230789" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1183"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 39</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph></xref> and <xref base="F16230788" href="../ias40/IAS40_TOC0001.dita#IAS40_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1184">IAS 40 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment Property</ph></ph></xref>. </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0048">       <p id="IAS19_P1871"><xref base="F19791121" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1185"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value, describes the effect transaction costs have on a fair value measurement and addresses the application of bid and ask prices when measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0049">       <p id="IAS19_P1872">IAS 25 was superseded by <xref base="F19791124" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1186"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 39</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph></xref> and <xref base="F19791126" href="../ias40/IAS40_TOC0001.dita#IAS40_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1187"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 40</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment Property</ph></ph></xref>. <xref base="F77793740" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001/IFRS09_TOC0001_V2" id="IAS19_X1188"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph></xref> replaced <xref base="F19791128" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1189">IAS 39</xref>. <xref base="F77793741" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001/IFRS09_TOC0001_V2" id="IAS19_X1190">IFRS 9</xref> applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IAS 19 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0050">       <p id="IAS19_P1873">IAS 22 was withdrawn in 2004 and replaced by <xref base="F16230787" href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1191"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0051">       <p id="IAS19_P1874">The amendments made in 2011 eliminated the 10 per cent corridor from IAS 19.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0052">       <p id="IAS19_P1875"><xref base="F77793736" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001/IFRS09_TOC0001_V2" id="IAS19_X1192"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph></xref> replaced <xref base="F19791157" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1193">IAS 39</xref>. <xref base="F77793737" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001/IFRS09_TOC0001_V2" id="IAS19_X1194">IFRS 9</xref> applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IAS 19 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0053">       <p id="IAS19_P1876">IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>, issued in May 2017, replaced IFRS 4.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0054">       <p id="IAS19_P1877"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2014&#x2013;2016 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in December 2016, amended <xref base="F60693389" href="../ifrs01/IFRS01_TOC.dita#IFRS01_TOC0001/IFRS01_TOC0001_V2" id="IAS19_X1195">IFRS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards</ph></ph></xref> by deleting the short-term exemption for first-time adopters (see <xref base="F60693331" href="../ifrs01/IFRS01_gBC99-BC99.dita#IFRS01_gBC99-BC99/IFRS01_gBC99-BC99_TI" id="IAS19_X1196">paragraph BC99 of IFRS 1</xref>), because it was no longer applicable.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0055">       <p id="IAS19_P1878">FASB ASC Section 715&#x2011;30&#x2011;20 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Defined Benefit Plans&#x2014;Pension Glossary</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0056">       <p id="IAS19_P1879">Cross&#x2011;references have been updated.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS19_FN0057">       <p id="IAS19_P1880">The amendments to IAS 19 made in 2011 deleted paragraph 93D.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>