<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e26520" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IFRS01_FN0002" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2941" class="- topic/p ">Definition of IFRSs amended after the name changes introduced by the revised Constitution of the IFRS Foundation in 2010.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0003" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2942" class="- topic/p ">Such changes include reclassifications from or to intangible assets if goodwill was not recognised in accordance with previous GAAP as an asset. This arises if, in accordance with previous GAAP, the entity (a) deducted goodwill directly from equity or (b) did not treat the business combination as an acquisition.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0004" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2943" class="- topic/p ">Such changes include reclassifications from or to intangible assets if goodwill was not recognised in accordance with previous GAAP as an asset. This arises if, in accordance with previous GAAP, the entity (a) deducted goodwill directly from equity or (b) did not treat the business combination as an acquisition.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0006" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2945" class="- topic/p ">Paragraph E3 was added as a consequence of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Limited Exemption from Comparative IFRS 7 Disclosures for First‑time Adopters</ph></ph> (Amendment to IFRS 1) issued in January 2010. To avoid the potential use of hindsight and to ensure that first‑time adopters are not disadvantaged as compared with current IFRS preparers, the Board decided that first‑time adopters should be permitted to use the same transition provisions permitted for existing preparers of financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRSs that are included in <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Improving Disclosures about Financial Instruments</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 7).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0007" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2946" class="- topic/p ">Paragraph E4 was added as a consequence of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Disclosures—Transfers of Financial Assets</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 7) issued in October 2010. To avoid the potential use of hindsight and to ensure that first‑time adopters are not disadvantaged as compared with current IFRS preparers, the Board decided that first‑time adopters should be permitted to use the same transition provisions permitted for existing preparers of financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRSs that are included in <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Disclosures—Transfers of Financial Assets</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 7).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0008" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2947" class="- topic/p ">Professor Barth and Mr Danjou dissented from <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Cost of an Investment in a Subsidiary, Jointly Controlled Entity or Associate</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 1 and IAS 27) issued in May 2008. Their dissenting opinions are set out after the Basis for Conclusions on IAS 27.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0009" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2948" class="- topic/p ">In this guidance monetary amounts are denominated in 'currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0010" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2949" class="- topic/p ">In 2006 IAS 14 was replaced by <xref href="../ifrs08/IFRS08_TOC.dita#IFRS08_TOC0001" base="F15826071" id="IFRS01_X1852" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Operating Segments</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0011" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2950" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> are to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0012" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2951" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was developed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0013" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2952" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual Improvements Cycle 2011–2013</ph></ph> clarified that this paragraph does not require an entity to use a more recent version of an IFRS. It only explains the advantages of applying a more recent version of an IFRS. See paragraph BC11A for further details.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0014" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2953" class="- topic/p "><ph class="- topic/ph ">Amended to paragraph 13 when the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Preface to IFRS Standards</ph></ph> was revised and renamed in December 2018.</ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0015" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2954" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0016" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2955" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0017" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2956" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidation—Special Purpose Entities</ph></ph> was withdrawn and superseded by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F16164771" id="IFRS01_X1853" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. There is no longer specific accounting guidance for special purpose entities because IFRS 10 applies to all types of entities.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0018" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2957" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0019" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2958" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidation—Special Purpose Entities</ph></ph> was withdrawn and superseded by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F19756370" id="IFRS01_X1854" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. There is no longer specific accounting guidance for special purpose entities because IFRS 10 applies to all types of entities.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0020" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2959" class="- topic/p ">‘Jointly controlled entities’ were defined in <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 31</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Interests in Joint Ventures</ph></ph>. <xref href="../ifrs11/IFRS11_TOC.dita#IFRS11_TOC0001" base="F16218227" id="IFRS01_X1855" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 11</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2011, replaced IAS 31 and changed the terminology.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0021" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2960" class="- topic/p ">In October 2012 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, IFRS 12 and IAS 27), which stated that Appendix C of IFRS 1 should only apply to business combinations within the scope of IFRS 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0022" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2961" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value                  and contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0023" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2962" class="- topic/p "><ph class="- topic/ph ">Amended to paragraph 13 when the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Preface to IFRS Standards</ph></ph> was revised and renamed in December 2018.</ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0024" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2963" class="- topic/p ">‘Jointly controlled entities’ were defined in IAS 31 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Interests in Joint Ventures</ph></ph>. <xref href="../ifrs11/IFRS11_TOC.dita#IFRS11_TOC0001" base="F16164775" id="IFRS01_X1857" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2011, replaced IAS 31 and changed the terminology.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0025" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2964" class="- topic/p ">The consolidation guidance was removed from IAS 27 and the Standard was renamed <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph> by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F19755210" id="IFRS01_X1858" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. The accounting requirements for separate financial statements were not changed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0026" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2965" class="- topic/p ">The consolidation guidance was removed from IAS 27 and the Standard was renamed <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph> by IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> issued in May 2011. The accounting requirements for separate financial statements were not changed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0027" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2966" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0028" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2967" class="- topic/p ">‘Jointly controlled entities’ were defined in IAS 31 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Interests in Joint Ventures</ph></ph>. <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 11</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, replaced IAS 31 and changed the terminology.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0029" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2968" class="- topic/p ">renumbered to <xref href="../ias27/IAS27_12.dita#IAS27_12" base="F16164776" id="IFRS01_X1859" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 12</xref> and <xref href="../ias27/IAS27_BC16.dita#IAS27_BC16" base="F16164777" id="IFRS01_X1860" class="- topic/xref ">BC16–BC22</xref> when IAS 27 was amended in May 2011.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0030" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2969" class="- topic/p ">In January 2008 the IASB issued an amended IAS 27 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph>, which amended ‘minority interests’ to ‘non‑controlling interests’. The consolidation requirements in IAS 27 were superseded by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F16164779" id="IFRS01_X1861" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. The term ‘non‑controlling interests’ and the requirements for non‑controlling interests were not changed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0031" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2970" class="- topic/p ">In October 2012 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, IFRS 12 and IAS 27), which removed option D16(a) for investments in subsidiaries of investment entities, as defined in IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph>, required to be measured at fair value through profit or loss.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0032" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2971" class="- topic/p ">In October 2012 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, IFRS 12 and IAS 27), which amended paragraph D17 to clarify its application to investment entities, as defined in IFRS 10.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0033" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2972" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0034" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2973" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> eliminated the category of available-for-sale financial assets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0035" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2974" class="- topic/p ">The Board amended the requirements in IAS 39 to identify and separately account for embedded derivatives and relocated them to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>. This Basis for Conclusions has not been updated for changes in requirements since <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRIC 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Reassessment of Embedded Derivative</ph></ph>s was issued in March 2006.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0036" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2975" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0037" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2976" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> eliminated the category of available-for-sale financial assets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0038" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2977" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced the hedge accounting requirements in IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0039" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2978" class="- topic/p ">In IAS 39, as revised in 2003, paragraph 133 was replaced by <xref href="../ias39/IAS39_84.dita#IAS39_84" base="F15825339" id="IFRS01_X1862" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 84</xref> and <xref href="../ias39/IAS39_gAG101-AG101.dita#IAS39_gAG101_AG101" base="F15825373" id="IFRS01_X1863" class="- topic/xref ">AG101</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0040" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2979" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> eliminated the category of available-for-sale financial assets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0041" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2980" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0042" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2981" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. Paragraphs AG76 and AG76A of IAS 39 were relocated to IFRS 9 as paragraphs B5.4.8 and B5.4.9. However, in May 2011, IFRS 13 deleted paragraphs B5.4.8 and B5.4.9 of IFRS 9. In 2014 the requirements for amortised cost measurement and impairment were added to IFRS 9 as Sections 5.4 and 5.5. Paragraphs B5.4.8 and B5.4.9 of IFRS 9 now contains requirements related to amortised cost measurement.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0043" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2982" class="- topic/p ">In September 2007 the IASB amended the title of IAS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Events after the Balance Sheet Date</ph></ph> to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Events after the Reporting Period</ph></ph> as a consequence of the revision of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> in 2007.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0044" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2983" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0045" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2984" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0046" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2985" class="- topic/p ">superseded by Chapter 1 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS01_FN0047" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS01_P2986" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2014–2016 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in December 2016, deleted some short-term exemptions for first-time adopters (see <xref href="IFRS01_gBC99-BC99.dita#IFRS01_gBC99_BC99/IFRS01_gBC99_BC99_TI" base="F60693326" id="IFRS01_X1864" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph BC99</xref>), and as a consequence deleted paragraph BC98.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>