<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="SL32866" id="IAS39_AG100"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>AG100</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS&#xa0;39"/><data name="paranum" value="AG100"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS39_P1179">Changes in the price of an ingredient or component of a non&#x2011;financial asset or non&#x2011;financial liability generally do not have a predictable, separately measurable effect on the price of the item that is comparable to the effect of, say, a change in market interest rates on the price of a bond. Thus, a non&#x2011;financial asset or non&#x2011;financial liability is a hedged item only in its entirety or for foreign exchange risk. If there is a difference between the terms of the&#xa0;hedging instrument&#xa0;and the&#xa0;hedged item&#xa0;(such as for a hedge of the forecast purchase of Brazilian coffee using a forward contract to purchase Colombian coffee on otherwise similar terms), the hedging relationship nonetheless can qualify as a hedge relationship provided all the conditions in&#xa0;<xref base="F16149893" href="IAS39_88.dita#IAS39_88" id="IAS39_X0969">paragraph 88</xref>&#xa0;are met, including that the hedge is expected to be highly effective. For this purpose, the amount of the hedging instrument may be greater or less than that of the hedged item if this improves the&#xa0;effectiveness of the hedging relationship. For example, a&#xa0;regression analysis could be performed to establish a statistical relationship between the hedged item (eg a transaction in Brazilian coffee) and the hedging instrument (eg a transaction in Colombian coffee). If there is a valid statistical relationship between the two variables (ie&#xa0;between the unit prices of Brazilian coffee and Colombian coffee), the slope of the regression line can be used to establish the hedge ratio that will maximise expected effectiveness. For example, if the slope of the regression line is 1.02, a hedge ratio based on 0.98&#xa0;quantities of hedged items to 1.00 quantities of the hedging instrument maximises expected effectiveness. However, the hedging relationship may result in ineffectiveness that is recognised in profit or loss during the term of the hedging relationship.</p></body></paragraph>