<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IAS39_AG118"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>AG118</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 39"/><data name="paranum" value="AG118"/></prolog><body><variant base="SL32885" id="IAS39_AG118_V2">       <p id="IAS39_P1273">As an example of the designation set out in <xref base="F34585906" href="IAS39_AG114.dita#IAS39_AG114/IAS39_AG114_V2" id="IAS39_X1030">paragraph AG114(c)</xref>, if in a particular repricing time period an entity estimates that it has fixed rate assets of CU100 and fixed rate liabilities of CU80 and decides to hedge all of the net position of CU20, it designates as the hedged item assets in the amount of CU20 (a portion of the assets).<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS39_FN0041" type="fn"/> The designation is expressed as an ‘amount of a currency’ (eg an amount of dollars, euro, pounds or rand) rather than as individual assets. It follows that all of the assets (or liabilities) from which the hedged amount is drawn—ie all of the CU100 of assets in the above example—must be:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="SL135301" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS39_L0105"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL19213520" id="IAS39_P1274">items whose fair value changes in response to changes in the interest rate being hedged; and</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL135305" id="IAS39_P1275">items that could have qualified for fair value hedge accounting if they had been designated as hedged individually. In particular, because IFRS 13 specifies that the fair value of a financial liability with a demand feature (such as demand deposits and some types of time deposits) is not less than the amount payable on demand, discounted from the first date that the amount could be required to be paid, such an item cannot qualify for fair value hedge accounting for any time period beyond the shortest period in which the holder can demand payment. In the above example, the hedged position is an amount of assets. Hence, such liabilities are not a part of the designated hedged item, but are used by the entity to determine the amount of the asset that is designated as being hedged. If the position the entity wished to hedge was an amount of liabilities, the amount representing the designated hedged item must be drawn from fixed rate liabilities other than liabilities that the entity can be required to repay in an earlier time period, and the percentage measure used for assessing hedge effectiveness in accordance with <xref base="F34585907" href="IAS39_AG126.dita#IAS39_AG126" id="IAS39_X1031">paragraph AG126(b)</xref> would be calculated as a percentage of these other liabilities. For example, assume that an entity estimates that in a particular repricing time period it has fixed rate liabilities of CU100, comprising CU40 of demand deposits and CU60 of liabilities with no demand feature, and CU70 of fixed rate assets. If the entity decides to hedge all of the net position of CU30, it designates as the hedged item liabilities of CU30 or 50 per cent of the liabilities<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS39_FN0042" type="fn"/> with no demand feature.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>