<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS16_BC107" base="SL32831125" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC107</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC107" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS16_P0561" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Assuming that current IFRS adopters choose to apply the cost model in IAS 16 to bearer plants the main changes will be as follows:</p><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL32831126" frame="all" id="IAS16_TAB0002" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="4" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="1" colwidth="15*" rowsep="1" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="left" colname="C2" colnum="2" colsep="1" colwidth="30*" rowsep="1" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="left" colname="C3" colnum="3" colsep="1" colwidth="25*" rowsep="1" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="left" colname="C4" colnum="4" colsep="1" colwidth="30*" rowsep="1" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Effect</b>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Fair value model in <xref href="../ias41/IAS41_TOC.dita#IAS41_TOC0001/IAS41_TOC0001_V2" base="F35270042" id="IAS16_X0522" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 41</xref></b>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C3" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Cost model in IAS 16</b>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C4" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Effect</b>             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IAS16_P0566" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium" class="- topic/p ">Financial position</p>             </entry><entry colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IAS16_P0567" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium" class="- topic/p ">Measured at fair value less costs to sell (together with the produce).</p>             </entry><entry colname="C3" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IAS16_P0568" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium" class="- topic/p ">Measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. (Produce measured separately at fair value less costs to sell.)</p>             </entry><entry colname="C4" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IAS16_P0569" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium" class="- topic/p ">Net asset amounts are likely to be lower for the cost model than the fair value model during the earlier part of the productive life of a bearer plant. This is because the future cash flows that can be generated by the bearer plant, and reflected in a fair value measurement, will likely be higher than the cost on initial recognition. Over time, the carrying amounts measured in accordance with the two models are expected to converge as the asset approaches the end of its productive life.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IAS16_P0570" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium" class="- topic/p ">Profit or loss</p>             </entry><entry colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IAS16_P0571" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium" class="- topic/p ">Changes in fair value less costs to sell are recognised in profit or loss.  Costs may be recognised as an expense immediately or capitalised. If they are capitalised there is an equal reduction in the change in the fair value less costs to sell.</p>             </entry><entry colname="C3" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IAS16_P0572" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium" class="- topic/p ">The depreciation charge for each period, and any impairment loss, will be recognised in profit or loss.</p>             </entry><entry colname="C4" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IAS16_P0573" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium" class="- topic/p ">Over the life of the bearer plants the net amount recognised in profit or loss will likely be the same whether applying the fair value model or the cost model. However, if an entity applies the fair value model the effect on profit or loss will be variable (changes in fair value). If an entity applies the cost model the effect on profit or loss is likely to be more systematic (depreciation, with possible impairment).</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>