<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS16_BC16E" base="IAS2020-2" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC16E</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC16E" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p class="- topic/p ">The previous requirement to offset proceeds against the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment reduced the usefulness of financial statements to users of financial statements. This is because the previous requirement resulted in an entity including amounts that did not faithfully represent:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p class="- topic/p ">its performance. Offsetting proceeds against the cost of an asset understates an entity’s revenue (or income) in the period. Moreover, doing so could also have a pervasive and long-term effect on an entity’s performance when the asset has a long useful life. Offsetting proceeds decreased the depreciable amount of such an asset and, consequently, reduced the depreciation charge recognised as an expense over the asset’s useful life.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p class="- topic/p ">the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment. Offsetting proceeds could result in the carrying amount of the asset understating its cost. This, in turn, could reduce the usefulness of financial metrics, such as return on assets, that use the asset’s carrying amount.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>