<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS16_BC48" base="SL32830967" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC48</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC48" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS16_P0471" class="- topic/p ">The Board decided that, before it could consider whether some or all bearer biological assets should be accounted for in accordance with IAS 16 instead of <xref href="../ias41/IAS41_TOC.dita#IAS41_TOC0001/IAS41_TOC0001_V2" base="F35269880" id="IAS16_X0473" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 41</xref>, it first needed to define bearer biological assets for the purposes of the amendments. The Board initially discussed four options when deciding on the scope:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL32830968" id="IAS16_L0039" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="SL32830970" id="IAS16_P0472" class="- topic/p ">Option 1: no-alternative-use model. Limit the scope of the amendments to IAS 41 to biological assets that are solely used in the production or supply of agricultural produce (ie only used as bearer biological assets) and that are expected to be used for more than one period.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="SL32830972" id="IAS16_P0473" class="- topic/p ">Option 2: predominant-use model. Limit the scope of the amendments to IAS 41 to biological assets that are used predominantly in the production or supply of agricultural produce (ie used primarily as bearer biological assets) and that are expected to be used for more than one period.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p base="SL32830974" id="IAS16_P0474" class="- topic/p ">Option 3: no-alternative-use model—plants only. This is the same as Option 1 except that it would only include plants, not livestock.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p base="SL32830976" id="IAS16_P0475" class="- topic/p ">Option 4: predominant-use model—plants only. This is the same as Option 2 except that it would only include plants, not livestock.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>