<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IFRS11_APPA"><title base="F16125568" id="IFRS11_APPA_TI">Appendix A Defined terms</title><body><note type="note"> <p base="F16125569" id="IFRS11_P0079">This appendix is an integral part of the IFRS.</p></note><dl base="F16125573" id="IFRS11_D0001"><dlentry base="F16125570" id="IFRS11_DI0001"><dt base="F16125571" id="IFRS11_TE0001"><b>joint arrangement</b></dt><dd> <p base="F16125575" id="IFRS11_P0080">An arrangement of which two or more parties have <b>joint control</b>. </p></dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F16125579" id="IFRS11_DI0002"><dt base="F16125577" id="IFRS11_TE0002"><b>joint control</b></dt><dd> <p base="F16125581" id="IFRS11_P0081">The contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement,             which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the             unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. </p></dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F16125584" id="IFRS11_DI0003"><dt base="F16125582" id="IFRS11_TE0003"><b>joint operation</b> </dt><dd> <p base="F16125586" id="IFRS11_P0082">A <b>joint arrangement</b> whereby the             parties that have <b>joint                 control</b>             of the arrangement have rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities,             relating to the arrangement. </p></dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F16125592" id="IFRS11_DI0004"><dt base="F16125590" id="IFRS11_TE0004"><b>joint operator</b></dt><dd> <p base="F16125594" id="IFRS11_P0083">A party to a <b>joint operation</b> that has <b>joint control</b> of that joint operation. </p></dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F16125597" id="IFRS11_DI0005"><dt base="F16125595" id="IFRS11_TE0005"><b>joint venture</b></dt><dd> <p base="F16125599" id="IFRS11_P0084">A <b>joint arrangement</b> whereby the parties that have <b>joint control</b> of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.</p> </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F16125602" id="IFRS11_DI0006"><dt base="F16125600" id="IFRS11_TE0006"><b>joint venturer</b></dt><dd> <p base="F16125604" id="IFRS11_P0086">A party to a <b>joint venture</b> that has <b>joint control</b> of that joint venture.</p></dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F16125607" id="IFRS11_DI0007"><dt base="F16125605" id="IFRS11_TE0007"><b>party to a joint arrangement</b></dt><dd> <p base="F16125609" id="IFRS11_P0087">An entity that participates in a <b>joint arrangement</b>, regardless of whether that entity has <b>joint control</b> of the arrangement.</p></dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F16125612" id="IFRS11_DI0008"><dt base="F16125610" id="IFRS11_TE0008"><b>separate vehicle</b> </dt><dd> <p base="F16125614" id="IFRS11_P0088">A separately identifiable financial structure, including             separate legal entities or entities recognised by statute, regardless of whether those             entities have a legal personality. </p></dd></dlentry></dl><p base="F16125625" id="IFRS11_P0089">The following terms are defined in <xref base="F16218474" href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001" id="IFRS11_X0137">IAS&#xa0;27</xref> (as amended in 2011), <xref base="F16218496" href="../ias28/IAS28_TOC.dita#IAS28_TOC0001" id="IFRS11_X0138">IAS&#xa0;28</xref> (as amended in 2011) or <xref base="F16218497" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IFRS11_X0139">IFRS&#xa0;10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> and are used in this IFRS with the meanings specified in those IFRSs:</p><ul base="F16125628" id="IFRS11_L0005"><li>       <p base="F16125630" id="IFRS11_P0090">control of an investee </p></li><li>       <p base="F16125632" id="IFRS11_P0091">equity method </p></li><li>       <p base="F16125634" id="IFRS11_P0092">power </p></li><li>       <p base="F16125636" id="IFRS11_P0093">protective rights </p></li><li>       <p base="F16125638" id="IFRS11_P0094">relevant activities </p></li><li>       <p base="F16125640" id="IFRS11_P0095">separate financial statements </p></li><li>       <p base="F16125642" id="IFRS11_P0096">significant influence. </p></li></ul></body></topic>