<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="d5e3072"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IFRS06_FN0002"> <p id="IFRS06_P0200">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> is to IASC&#x2019;s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS06_FN0004"> <p id="IFRS06_P0202">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> are to IASC&#x2019;s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS06_FN0005"> <p id="IFRS06_P0203">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC&#x2019;s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was developed.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS06_FN0006"> <p id="IFRS06_P0204">Paragraphs BC23A and BC23B were added as a consequence of an amendment to IAS&#xa0;7 included in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph> issued in April 2009.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS06_FN0007"> <p id="IFRS06_P0205">In 2006 IAS&#xa0;14 was replaced by <xref base="F15831805" href="../ifrs08/IFRS08_TOC.dita#IFRS08_TOC0001" id="IFRS06_X0256">IFRS&#xa0;8 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Operating Segments</ph></ph></xref>, which does not require the identification of primary and secondary segments. See <xref base="F15831806" href="../ias36/IAS36_BC150A.dita#IAS36_BC150A" id="IFRS06_X0257">paragraph BC150A of the Basis for Conclusions on IAS&#xa0;36 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph></xref>.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS06_FN0008"> <p id="IFRS06_P0206">Paragraph BC65A was deleted as a result of revisions to IFRS&#xa0;1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">First&#x2011;time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards</ph></ph> in November 2008 as it was no longer applicable.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS06_FN0009"> <p id="IFRS06_P0207">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> is to IASC&#x2019;s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS06_FN0010"> <p id="IFRS06_P0208">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> is to the IASC&#x2019;s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was developed.</p></fn></bodydiv></body></topic>