<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IAS32_4" principles="yes"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>4</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 32"/><data name="paranum" value="4"/></prolog><body outputclass="bold"><bodydiv base="IFRS17" id="IAS32_4_V4">       <p id="IAS32_P0039">This Standard shall be applied by all entities to all types of financial instruments except: </p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="SL58803534" id="IAS32_L0007" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL58803536" id="IAS32_P0040">those interests in subsidiaries, associates or joint             ventures that are accounted for in accordance with <xref base="F58803537" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IAS32_X0117">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial                   Statements</ph></ph></xref>, <xref base="F58803539" href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001" id="IAS32_X0118">IAS 27 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Separate Financial                   Statements</ph></ph></xref> or <xref base="F58803541" href="../ias28/IAS28_TOC.dita#IAS28_TOC0001" id="IAS32_X0119">IAS 28 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investments in                   Associates and Joint Ventures</ph></ph></xref>. However, in some cases, IFRS 10,             IAS 27 or IAS 28 require or permit an entity to account for an interest in a subsidiary,             associate or joint venture using <xref base="F70390665" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001/IFRS09_TOC0001_V2" id="IAS32_X0120">IFRS 9</xref>; in those cases, entities shall apply the requirements of this             Standard. Entities shall also apply this Standard to all derivatives linked to interests             in subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL58803545" id="IAS32_P0041">employers’ rights and obligations under employee             benefit plans, to               which <xref base="F58803552" href="../ias19/IAS19_TOC0001.dita#IAS19_TOC0001" id="IAS32_X0121">IAS 19 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Employee Benefits</ph></ph></xref> applies.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p base="SL58803555" id="IAS32_P0042" principles="no">[deleted]</p>         </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p base="SL58803557" id="IAS32_P0043">insurance contracts as defined in               <xref base="F58803718" href="../ifrs17/IFRS17_g3-13.dita#IFRS17_g3-13/IFRS17_g3-13_TI" id="IAS32_X0122">IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph></xref> or investment contracts with               discretionary participation features within the scope of IFRS 17. However, this             Standard applies to:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F58803711" id="IAS32_L0008" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="F58803712" id="IAS32_P0044">derivatives that are                 embedded in contracts within the scope of IFRS 17, if IFRS 9 requires the entity to                 account for them separately.</p>             </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F58803716" id="IAS32_P0045">investment components that are separated from                 contracts within the scope of IFRS 17, if <xref base="F58803717" href="../ifrs17/IFRS17_TOC.dita#IFRS17_TOC0001" id="IAS32_X0123">IFRS 17</xref> requires such separation, unless the separated investment component                 is an investment contract with discretionary participation features within the scope                 of IFRS 17.</p>             </li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value>               <p base="F58980015" id="IAS32_P0046">an issuer’s rights and obligations arising under                 insurance contracts that meet the definition of financial guarantee contracts, if the                 issuer applies IFRS 9 in recognising and measuring the contracts. However, the                 issuer shall apply IFRS 17 if the issuer elects, in accordance with <xref base="F58803719" href="../ifrs17/IFRS17_7.dita#IFRS17_7" id="IAS32_X0124">paragraph 7(e) of IFRS 17</xref>, to apply IFRS 17 in recognising and measuring                 the contracts.</p></li><li><li_value>(iv)</li_value><p>an entity's rights and obligations that are financial instruments arising                 under credit card contracts, or similar contracts that provide credit or payment                 arrangements, that an entity issues that meet the definition of an insurance contract if the                 entity applies IFRS 9 to those rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph                 7(h) of IFRS 17 and paragraph 2.1(e)(iv) of IFRS 9.</p></li><li><li_value>(v)</li_value><p>an entity's rights and obligations that are financial                 instruments arising under insurance contracts that an entity issues that limit the                 compensation for insured events to the amount otherwise required to settle the                 policyholder's obligation created by the contract if the entity elects, in                 accordance with paragraph 8A of IFRS 17, to apply IFRS 9 instead of IFRS 17 to such                 contracts.</p></li></ol>         </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>           <p base="SL58803562" id="IAS32_P0047" principles="no">[deleted]</p>         </li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>           <p base="SL58803568" id="IAS32_P0048">financial instruments, contracts and obligations             under share‑based payment transactions to which <xref base="F58803569" href="../ifrs02/IFRS02_TOC.dita#IFRS02_TOC0001" id="IAS32_X0125"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 2</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Share‑based Payment</ph></ph></xref> applies, except for</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="SL58803571" id="IAS32_L0009" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="SL58803573" id="IAS32_P0049">contracts within the scope of <xref base="SL58803574" href="IAS32_8.dita#IAS32_8" id="IAS32_X0126">paragraphs                   8–10</xref> of this Standard, to which this Standard applies,</p>             </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="SL58803576" id="IAS32_P0050"><xref base="F58803577" href="IAS32_g33-34.dita#IAS32_g33-34/IAS32_g33-34_TI" id="IAS32_X0127">paragraphs                   33 and 34</xref> of this Standard, which shall be applied to treasury shares                 purchased, sold, issued or cancelled in connection with employee share option plans,                 employee share purchase plans, and all other share‑based payment arrangements.</p>             </li></ol>         </li></ol>     </bodydiv></body></paragraph>