<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="F5588626" id="IAS32_16A"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>16A</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS&#xa0;32"/><data name="paranum" value="16A"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS32_P0209">A puttable financial instrument includes a contractual obligation for the issuer to repurchase or redeem that instrument for cash or another&#xa0;financial asset&#xa0;on exercise of the put. As an exception to the definition of a&#xa0;financial liability, an instrument that includes such an obligation is classified as an&#xa0;equity instrument              if it has all the following features:&#xa0;</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F5588630" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS32_L0028"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F5588631" id="IAS32_P0210">It entitles the holder to a pro rata share of the entity&#x2019;s net assets in the event of the entity&#x2019;s liquidation. The entity&#x2019;s net assets are those assets that remain after deducting all other claims on its assets. A pro rata share is determined by:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F5588633" type="lower-roman" id="IAS32_L0029"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F5588634" id="IAS32_P0211">dividing the entity&#x2019;s net assets on liquidation into units of equal amount; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F5588636" id="IAS32_P0212">multiplying that amount by the number of the units held by the financial instrument holder.</p>           </li></ol>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F5588638" id="IAS32_P0213">The instrument is in the class of instruments that is subordinate to all other classes of instruments. To be in such a class the instrument:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F5588640" type="lower-roman" id="IAS32_L0030"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F5588641" id="IAS32_P0214">has no priority over other claims to the assets of the entity on liquidation, and</p>           </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F5588643" id="IAS32_P0215">does not need to be converted into another instrument before it is in the class of instruments that is subordinate to all other classes of instruments.</p>           </li></ol>                </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="F5588645" id="IAS32_P0217">All financial instruments in the class of instruments that is subordinate to all other classes of instruments have identical features. For example, they must all be puttable, and the formula or other method used to calculate the repurchase or redemption price is the same for all instruments in that class.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="F5588647" id="IAS32_P0218">Apart from the contractual obligation for the issuer to repurchase or redeem the instrument for cash or another financial asset, the instrument does not include any contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset to another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity under conditions that are potentially unfavourable to the entity, and it is not a contract that will or may be settled in the entity&#x2019;s own equity instruments as set out in subparagraph (b) of the definition of a&#xa0;financial liability.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p base="F5588649" id="IAS32_P0219">The total expected cash flows attributable to the instrument over the life of the instrument are based substantially on the profit or loss, the change in the recognised net assets or the change in the fair value of the recognised and unrecognised net assets of the entity over the life of the instrument (excluding any effects of the instrument).                    </p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>