<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IAS32_edu_footnotes"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn base="IAS32_4" id="IAS32_FN0001">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2359">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, November 2005,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Disclosure and               Presentation</ph></ph>—Employee long‑service leave’</p>         <p>The IFRIC considered whether a liability for long‑service leave falls within IAS 19 or           whether it is a financial liability within the scope of IAS 32.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that IAS 19 indicates that employee benefit plans include a wide range of           formal and informal arrangements. It is therefore clear that the exclusion of employee           benefit plans from IAS 32 extends to all employee benefits covered by IAS 19.</p>         <p>The IFRIC decided that, since the Standard was clear, it would not expect diversity in           practice and would not add this item to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_11" id="IAS32_FN0004">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2362">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, May 2008, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               37</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and               Contingent Assets</ph></ph>—Deposits on returnable containers’</p>         <p>The IFRIC was asked to provide guidance on the accounting for the obligation to refund           deposits on returnable containers. In some industries, entities that distribute their           products in returnable containers collect a deposit for each container delivered and have           an obligation to refund this deposit when containers are returned by the customer. The           issue was whether the obligation should be accounted for in accordance with IAS 39 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:               Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph>.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that paragraph 11 of IAS 32 defines a financial instrument as ‘any           contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or           equity instrument of another entity.’ Following delivery of the containers to its           customers, the seller has an obligation only to refund the deposit for any returned           containers.</p>         <p>In circumstances in which the containers are derecognised as part of the sale           transaction, the obligation is an exchange of cash (the deposit) for the containers           (non‑financial assets). Whether that exchange transaction occurs is at the option of the           customer. Because the transaction involves the exchange of a non‑financial item, it does           not meet the definition of a financial instrument in accordance with IAS 32.</p>         <p>In contrast, when the containers are not derecognised as part of the sale transaction,           the customer’s only asset is its right to the refund. In such circumstances, the           obligation meets the definition of a financial instrument in accordance with IAS 32 and is           therefore within the scope of IAS 39. In particular, paragraph 49 of IAS 39 states that           ‘the fair value of a financial liability with a demand feature (eg a demand deposit) is           not less than the amount payable on demand, discounted from the first date that the amount           could be required to be paid.’ The IFRIC concluded that divergence in this area was           unlikely to be significant and therefore decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_11" id="IAS32_FN0005">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2363">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, November 2006,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:           Presentation</ph></ph>—Foreign currency instruments exchangeable into equity instruments           of the parent entity of the issuer’</p>         <p>At its meeting in April 2005 the IFRIC concluded that derivative contracts that may be           settled by an entity by delivering a fixed number of its own equity instruments in           exchange for a fixed amount of foreign currency are financial liabilities. At the same           time, the IFRIC recommended that the issue should be referred to the Board. However, the           Board, in September 2005, decided not to proceed with any amendments to IAS 32 in           connection with convertible instruments issued by an entity in a currency other than the           functional currency of the entity.</p>         <p>Subsequently, the IFRIC was asked to consider a question relating to the issue by a           subsidiary of financial instruments that provide holders with the rights to exchange the           financial instruments into a fixed number of equity instruments of the parent at a fixed           amount of currency. Variants considered were that the amount of currency is fixed if it is           denominated in (i) the functional currency of the issuer of the exchangeable financial           instruments or (ii) the functional currency of the issuer of the equity instruments. The           question was whether the conversion options embedded in the exchangeable financial           instruments should be classified as equity in the consolidated financial statements of the           parent in accordance with IAS 32.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that a group does not have a functional currency. It therefore discussed           whether it should add a project to its agenda to address which functional currency should           be the reference point in determining whether or not the embedded conversion options are           equity instruments.</p>         <p>The IFRIC believed that the question was sufficiently narrow that it was not expected to           have widespread relevance in practice. The IFRIC, therefore, decided not to add the matter           to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_11" id="IAS32_FN0006">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2364">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2016, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:             Presentation</ph></ph>—Classification of liability for a prepaid card in the issuer’s           financial statements’ </p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify how an entity classifies the           liability that arises when it issues a prepaid card in exchange for cash and how the           entity accounts for any unspent balance on such a card. Specifically, the Interpretations           Committee discussed a prepaid card with the following features:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IAS32_P2365">no expiry date and no back-end fees, which means that any balance on               the prepaid card does not reduce unless it is spent by the cardholder;</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS32_P2366">non-refundable, non-redeemable and non-exchangeable for cash;</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p id="IAS32_P2367">redeemable only for goods or services to a specified monetary               amount;</p>           </li><li><li_value>d.</li_value>             <p id="IAS32_P2368">redeemable only at specified third-party merchants that, depending               upon the card programme, range from a single merchant to all merchants that accept a               specific card network. Upon redemption by the cardholder at a merchant(s) for goods or               services, the entity delivers cash to the merchant(s).</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS32_P2369">The Interpretations Committee was asked to consider whether the           liability for the prepaid card is a non-financial liability on the basis that the entity           does not have an obligation to deliver cash to the cardholder.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Interpretations Committee observed that the entity’s           liability for the prepaid card meets the definition of a financial liability. This is           because the entity:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IAS32_P2370">has a contractual obligation to deliver cash to the merchants on               behalf of the cardholder, which is conditional upon the cardholder using the prepaid               card to purchase goods or services; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS32_P2371">does not have an unconditional right to avoid delivering cash to               settle this contractual obligation.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS32_P2372">Consequently, an entity that issues such a card applies the requirements           in IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial               Instruments</ph></ph> (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 39</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial               Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph>) to account for the financial           liability for the prepaid card.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that customer loyalty programmes were outside the           scope of its discussion on this issue.</p>         <p>In the light of the existing requirements in IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph> and IFRS 9           (IAS 39), the Interpretations Committee determined that neither an Interpretation nor an           amendment to a Standard was necessary. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided           not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_g15-27_TI" id="IAS32_FN0009">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2375">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, November 2006,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:             Presentation</ph></ph>—Changes in the contractual terms of an existing equity instrument           resulting in it being reclassified to financial liability’ </p>         <p>The IFRIC was asked to consider a situation in which an amendment to the contractual           terms of an equity instrument resulted in the instrument being classified as a financial           liability of the issuer. Two issues were discussed: (i) on what basis the financial           liability should be measured at the date when the terms were changed and (ii) how any           difference between the carrying amount of the previously recognised equity instrument and           the amount of the financial liability recognised at the date when the terms were changed           should be accounted for.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that at the time when the contractual terms were changed, a financial           liability was initially recognised, and, furthermore, that a financial liability on           initial recognition is measured at its fair value in accordance with paragraph 43 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 39</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>. [IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. The           requirements of paragraph 43 of IAS 39 relating to the initial measurement of financial           liabilities were relocated to paragraph 5.1.1 of IFRS 9] The IFRIC observed that <xref base="F16143185" href="../ifric02/IFRIC02_gA6-A10.dita#IFRIC02_gA6-A10" id="IAS32_X1135">Example 3 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRIC 2</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Members’ Shares in Co‑operative                 Entities and Similar Instruments</ph></ph></xref> deals with a similar situation. In           that example, at the time when the financial liabilities are recognised, when the terms           are changed, they are recognised at their fair value.</p>         <p>The IFRIC observed that the change in the terms of the instrument gave rise to           derecognition of the original equity instrument. The IFRIC noted that <xref base="F1872435" href="IAS32_g33-34.dita#IAS32_g33-34/IAS32_g33-34_TI" id="IAS32_X1136">paragraph 33</xref> of IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph> states that           no gain or loss shall be recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or           cancellation of an entity’s own equity instruments. The IFRIC, therefore, believed that,           at the time when the terms were changed, the difference between the carrying amount of the           equity instrument and the fair value of the newly recognised financial liability should be           recognised in equity.</p>         <p>The IFRIC believed that the requirements of IFRS, taken as a whole, were sufficiently           clear and that the issue was not expected to have widespread relevance in practice. The           IFRIC therefore decided that the issue should not be added to the agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_15" id="IAS32_FN0010">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2376">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, January 2014, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:             Presentation</ph></ph>—a financial instrument that is mandatorily convertible into a           variable number of shares (subject to a cap and a floor) but gives the issuer the option           to settle by delivering the maximum (fixed) number of shares’</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee discussed how an issuer would assess the substance of a           particular early settlement option included in a financial instrument in accordance with             IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial               Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>. The instrument has a stated maturity date and at           maturity the issuer must deliver a variable number of its own equity instruments to equal           a fixed cash amount, subject to a cap and a floor. The cap and the floor limit and           guarantee, respectively, the number of equity instruments to be delivered. The issuer is           required to pay interest at a fixed rate. The issuer has the contractual right to settle           the instrument at any time before maturity. If the issuer chooses to exercise that early           settlement option, it must:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IAS32_P2377">deliver the maximum number of equity instruments specified in the               contract; and</p>           </li><li> <li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS32_P2378">pay in cash all of the interest that would have been payable if the               instrument had remained outstanding until its maturity date.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS32_P2379">The Interpretations Committee noted that the definitions of <i>financial             asset</i>, <i>financial liability</i> and <i>equity instrument</i> in IAS 32 are based           on the financial instrument’s contractual rights and contractual obligations. However,           paragraph 15 of IAS 32 requires the issuer of a financial instrument to classify the           instrument in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangement. Consequently,           the Interpretations Committee noted that if a contractual term of a financial instrument           lacks substance, that contractual term would be excluded from the classification           assessment of the instrument.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that the issuer cannot assume that a financial           instrument (or its components) meets the definition of an equity instrument simply because           the issuer has the contractual right to settle the financial instrument by delivering a           fixed number of its own equity instruments. The Interpretations Committee noted that           judgement will be required to determine whether the issuer’s early settlement option is           substantive and thus should be considered in determining how to classify the instrument.           If the early settlement option is not substantive, that term would not be considered in           determining the classification of the financial instrument.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that the guidance in paragraph 20(b) of IAS 32 is           relevant because it provides an example of a situation in which one of an instrument’s           settlement alternatives is excluded from the classification assessment. Specifically, the           example in that paragraph describes an instrument that the issuer will settle by           delivering either cash or its own shares and states that one of the settlement           alternatives should be excluded from the classification assessment in some           circumstances.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that to determine whether the early settlement option           is substantive, the issuer will need to understand whether there are actual economic or           other business reasons that the issuer would exercise the option. In making that           assessment, the issuer could consider, along with other factors, whether the instrument           would have been priced differently if the issuer’s early settlement option had not been           included in the contractual terms. The Interpretations Committee also noted that factors           such as the term of the instrument, the width of the range between the cap and the floor,           the issuer’s share price and the volatility of the share price could be relevant to the           assessment of whether the issuer’s early settlement option is substantive. For example,           the early settlement option may be less likely to have substance—especially if the           instrument is short-lived—if the range between the cap and the floor is wide and the           current share price would equate to the delivery of a number of shares that is close to           the floor (ie the minimum). That is because the issuer may have to deliver significantly           more shares to settle early than it may otherwise be obliged to deliver at maturity.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee considered that in the light of its analysis of the           existing IFRS requirements, neither an interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was           necessary and consequently decided not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_15" id="IAS32_FN0011">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2380">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, May 2014, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:             Presentation</ph></ph>—accounting for a financial instrument that is mandatorily           convertible into a variable number of shares subject to a cap and a floor’</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee discussed how an issuer would account for a particular           mandatorily convertible financial instrument in accordance with <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 39</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph> or <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial               Instruments</ph></ph>. The financial instrument has a stated maturity date and, at           maturity, the issuer must deliver a variable number of its own equity instruments to equal           a fixed cash amount—subject to a cap and a floor, which limit and guarantee, respectively,           the number of equity instruments to be delivered.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that the issuer’s obligation to deliver a variable           number of the entity’s own equity instruments is a non-derivative that meets the           definition of a financial liability in paragraph 11(b)(i) of IAS 32 in its entirety.           Paragraph 11(b)(i) of the definition of a liability does not have any limits or thresholds           regarding the degree of variability that is required. Therefore, the contractual substance           of the instrument is a single obligation to deliver a variable number of equity           instruments at maturity, with the variation based on the value of those equity           instruments. Such a single obligation to deliver a variable number of own equity           instruments cannot be subdivided into components for the purposes of evaluating whether           the instrument contains a component that meets the definition of equity. Even though the           number of equity instruments to be delivered is limited and guaranteed by the cap and the           floor, the overall number of equity instruments that the issuer is obliged to deliver is           not fixed and therefore the entire obligation meets the definition of a financial           liability.</p>         <p>Furthermore, the Interpretations Committee noted that the cap and the floor are embedded           derivative features whose values change in response to the price of the issuer’s equity           share. Therefore, assuming that the issuer has not elected to designate the entire           instrument under the fair value option, the issuer must separate those features and           account for the embedded derivative features separately from the host liability contract           at fair value through profit or loss in accordance with IAS 39 or IFRS 9. </p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee considered that in the light of its analysis of the           existing IFRS requirements, an Interpretation was not necessary and consequently decided           not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IAS32_15" id="EDUFN-ad2021-september-ap-IAS32">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, September 2021, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>—Accounting           for Warrants that are Classified as Financial Liabilities on Initial Recognition’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about the application of           IAS 32 in relation to the reclassification of warrants. Specifically, the request           described a warrant that provides the holder with the right to buy a fixed number of           equity instruments of the issuer of the warrant for an exercise price that will be fixed           at a future date. At initial recognition, because of the variability in the exercise           price, the issuer in applying <xref href="IAS32_16.dita#IAS32_16">paragraph 16 of IAS             32</xref> classifies these instruments as financial liabilities. This is because for a           derivative financial instrument to be classified as equity, it must be settled by the           issuer exchanging a fixed amount of cash or another financial asset for a fixed number of           its own equity instruments (‘fixed-for-fixed condition’). The request asked whether the           issuer reclassifies the warrant as an equity instrument following the fixing of the           warrant’s exercise price after initial recognition as specified in the contract, given           that the fixed-for-fixed condition would at that stage be met.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that IAS 32 contains no general requirements for reclassifying           financial liabilities and equity instruments after initial recognition when the           instrument’s contractual terms are unchanged. The Committee acknowledged that similar           questions about reclassification arise in other circumstances. Reclassification by the           issuer has been identified as one of the practice issues the Board will consider           addressing in its Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity (FICE) project. The           Committee concluded that the matter described in the request is, in isolation, too narrow           for the Board or the Committee to address in a cost-effective manner. Instead, the Board           should consider the matter as part of its broader discussions on the FICE project. For           these reasons, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project to the work           plan.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IAS32_16" id="IAS32_FN0012">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2381">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, September 2013,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:             Presentation</ph></ph>—Classification of financial instruments that give the issuer the           contractual right to choose the form of settlement’ </p>         <p>The IFRS Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify how an issuer would           classify three financial instruments in accordance with IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:               Presentation</ph></ph>. None of the financial instruments had a maturity date but each           gave the holder the contractual right to redeem at any time. The holder's redemption           right was described differently for each of the three financial instruments; however in           each case the issuer had the contractual right to choose to settle the instrument in cash           or a fixed number of its own equity instruments if the holder exercised its redemption           right. The issuer was not required to pay dividends on the three instruments but could           choose to do so at its discretion.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that paragraph 15 of IAS 32 requires the issuer of a           financial instrument to classify the instrument in accordance with the substance of the           contractual arrangement. Consequently, the issuer cannot achieve different classification           results for financial instruments with the same contractual substance simply by describing           the contractual arrangements differently.</p>         <p>Paragraph 11 in IAS 32 sets out the definitions of both a financial liability and an           equity instrument. Paragraph 16 describes in more detail the circumstances in which a           financial instrument meets the definition of an equity instrument.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that a non-derivative financial instrument that gives           the issuer the contractual right to choose to settle in cash or a fixed number of its own           equity instruments meets the definition of an equity instrument in IAS 32 as long as the           instrument does not establish an obligation to deliver cash (or another financial asset)           indirectly through its terms and conditions. Paragraph 20(b) of IAS 32 provides the           example that an indirect contractual obligation would be established if a financial           instrument provides that on settlement the entity will deliver either cash or its own           equity instruments whose value is determined to exceed substantially the value of the           cash.</p>         <p>The Committee also acknowledged that financial instruments, in particular those that are           more structured or complex, require careful analysis to determine whether they contain           equity and non equity components that must be accounted for separately in accordance with           IAS 32.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that if the issuer has a contractual obligation to           deliver cash, that obligation meets the definition of a financial liability.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee considered that in the light of its analysis of the           existing IFRS requirements, an interpretation was not necessary and consequently decided           not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_16A" id="IAS32_FN0014">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2387">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2009, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_tile">Financial Instruments:           Presentation</ph></ph>—Classification of puttable and perpetual instruments’</p>         <p>The IFRIC received a request for guidance on the application of paragraph 16A(c) of           IAS 32, which states that ‘All financial instruments in the class of instruments that is           subordinate to all other classes of instruments have identical features’. The request           asked for guidance on the classification of an entity’s puttable instruments that are           subordinate to all other classes of instruments when the entity also has perpetual           instruments that are classified as equity.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that a financial instrument is first classified as a liability or equity           instrument in accordance with the general requirements of IAS 32. That classification is           not affected by the existence of puttable instruments. As a second step, if a financial           instrument would meet the general definition of a liability because it is puttable to the           issuer, the entity considers the conditions in paragraphs 16A and 16B of IAS 32 to           determine whether it should be classified as equity. Consequently, the IFRIC noted that           IAS 32 does not preclude the existence of several classes of equity.</p>         <p>The IFRIC also noted that paragraph 16A(c) applies only to ‘instruments in the class of           instruments that is subordinate to all other classes of instruments’. Paragraph 16A(b)           specifies that the level of an instrument’s subordination is determined by its priority in           liquidation. Accordingly, the existence of the put does not of itself imply that the           puttable instruments are less subordinate than the perpetual instruments.</p>         <p>Given the requirements in IAS 32, the IFRIC did not expect significant diversity in           practice to develop. Therefore the IFRIC decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_18" id="IAS32_FN0015">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2388">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, November 2006,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:           Presentation</ph></ph>—Classification of a financial instrument as liability or           equity’ </p>         <p>At its meeting in March 2006 the IFRIC discussed a submission for a possible agenda item           relating to the role of contractual obligations and economic compulsion in the           classification of financial instruments. At that meeting and the following meeting in May,           the IFRIC agreed not to add the item to the agenda but did not agree on reasons to be           given for that decision.</p>         <p>At the IFRIC meeting in July, the Chairman reported the Board’s discussions on the issue           at its meeting in June 2006.</p>         <p>As stated in the June 2006 IASB <i>Update</i>, the Board discussed whether so‑called           economic compulsion should affect the classification of a financial instrument (or a           component of a financial instrument) under IAS 32. This issue had previously been debated           at the IFRIC meetings in March and May 2006.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">For a financial instrument (or a component of a financial           instrument) to be classified as a financial liability under IAS 32, the issuer must have a           contractual obligation either</p>         <ul><li>             <p>to deliver cash or another financial asset to the holder of the instrument, or</p>           </li><li>             <p>to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with the holder under               conditions that are potentially unfavourable to the issuer.</p>           </li></ul>         <p>(Different requirements apply to financial instruments that may or will be settled in the           issuer’s own equity instruments.) The Board confirmed that such a contractual obligation           could be established explicitly or indirectly, but it must be established through the           terms and conditions of the instrument. Thus, by itself, economic compulsion would not           result in a financial instrument being classified as a liability under IAS 32.</p>         <p>The Board also stressed that IAS 32 requires an assessment of the substance of the           contractual arrangement. It does not, however, require or permit factors not within the           contractual arrangement to be taken into consideration in classifying a financial           instrument. In view of the Board’s discussion, the IFRIC believed that it could not           achieve anything substantial by adding the issue on the agenda. Instead, the IFRIC agreed           to draw the Board’s attention to comments raised by constituents and to ask the Board           whether anything could be done to achieve even greater clarity on this point.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_20" id="IAS32_FN0016">         <p id="IAS32_P2389">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, May 2016, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 20</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of               Government Assistance</ph></ph>—Accounting for repayable cash receipts’ </p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify the accounting for cash           received from a government to help an entity finance a research and development project.           More specifically, the request asked whether the entity must recognise the cash received           as a liability (on the basis that the entity has received a forgivable loan as defined in             IAS 20 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for               Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance</ph></ph>) or in profit or           loss (on the basis that the entity has received a government grant as defined in IAS 20).           The cash received from the government is repayable in cash only if the entity decides to           exploit and commercialise the results of the research phase of the project. The terms of           that repayment can result in the government receiving as much as twice the amount of the           original cash proceeds if the project is successful. If the entity decides not to exploit           and commercialise the results of the research phase, the cash received is not repayable in           cash, but instead the entity must transfer to the government the rights to the           research.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that, in this arrangement, the entity has obtained           financing for its research and development project. The Interpretations Committee observed           that the cash receipt described in the submission gives rise to a financial liability           (applying paragraph 20(a) of IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>) because           the entity can avoid a transfer of cash only by settling a non-financial obligation (ie by           transferring the rights to the research to the government). The entity accounts for that           financial liability applying IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> (IAS 39 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title"> Financial Instruments:               Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph>).</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that, in the arrangement described in the submission,           the cash received from the government does not meet the definition of a forgivable loan in           IAS 20. This is because, in this arrangement, the government does not undertake to waive           repayment of the loan, but rather to require settlement in cash or by transfer of the           rights to the research.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that, applying paragraph B5.1.1 of IFRS 9           (paragraph AG64 of IAS 39), the entity assesses at initial recognition whether part of the           cash received from the government is for something other than the financial instrument.           For example, in the fact pattern described in the submission, part of the cash received           (the difference between the cash received and the fair value of the financial liability)           may represent a government grant. If this is the case, the entity accounts for the           government grant applying IAS 20.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that the requirements in IFRS Standards provide an           adequate basis to enable an entity to account for the cash received from the           government.</p>         <p>In the light of the existing requirements in IFRS Standards, the Interpretations           Committee determined that neither an Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was           necessary. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to           its agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS32_22" id="IAS32_FN0020">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2393">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, January 2010, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:           Presentation</ph></ph>—Application of the "fixed for fixed" condition’ </p>         <p>The IFRIC received requests for guidance on the application of paragraph 22 of IAS 32           which states that ‘except as stated in paragraph 22A, a contract that will be settled by           the entity (receiving or) delivering a fixed number of its own equity instruments in           exchange for a fixed amount of cash or another financial asset is an equity instrument’           (often referred to as the ‘fixed‑for‑fixed’ condition).</p>         <p>The IFRIC identified that diversity might exist in practice in the application of the           fixed‑for‑fixed condition to other situations in addition to the specific situations           identified in the requests.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that the Board was currently undertaking a project to improve and           simplify the financial reporting requirements for financial instruments with           characteristics of equity. A key objective of this project was to develop a better           distinction between equity and non‑equity instruments. This included consideration of the           current fixed‑for‑fixed condition in IAS 32.</p>         <p>Consequently, the IFRIC concluded that the Board’s current project on Financial           Instruments with Characteristics of Equity was expected to address issues relating to the           fixed‑for‑fixed condition on a timely basis. Therefore, the IFRIC decided not to add this           issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_23" id="IAS32_FN0021">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2394">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, November 2006,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:           Presentation</ph></ph>—Puts and forwards held by minority interests’</p>         <p>The IFRIC considered a request for clarification of the accounting when a parent entity           has entered into a forward to acquire the shares held by the [non‑controlling] minority           interest in a subsidiary or the holder of the [non‑controlling] minority interest can put           its shares to the parent entity.</p>         <p>Paragraph 23 of IAS 32 states that a parent must recognise a financial liability when it           has an obligation to pay cash in the future to purchase the minority’s shares, even if the           payment of that cash is conditional on the option being exercised by the holder. After           initial recognition any liability to which IFRS 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph> is not being applied will           be accounted for in accordance with IAS 39 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>. The parent will reclassify the liability to equity if a put           expires unexercised.</p>         <p>The IFRIC agreed that there is likely to be divergence in practice in how the related           equity is classified. However, the IFRIC did not believe that it could reach a consensus           on this matter on a timely basis. Accordingly, the IFRIC decided not to add this item to           its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_23" id="IAS32_FN0022">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2395">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, November 2016,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:             Presentation</ph></ph>—Written put options over non-controlling interests to be settled           by a variable number of the parent’s shares’ </p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request regarding how an entity accounts for a           written put option over non-controlling interests (NCI put) in its consolidated financial           statements. The NCI put has a strike price that will, or may, be settled by the exchange           of a variable number of the parent’s own equity instruments.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Specifically, the Interpretations Committee was asked to           consider whether, in its consolidated financial statements, the parent:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>             <p>applies paragraph 23 of IAS 32 and, therefore, recognises a financial liability               representing the present value of the option’s strike price—in other words, a gross               liability; or</p>           </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p>does not apply paragraph 23 of IAS 32 and, therefore, recognises a derivative               financial liability presented on a net basis measured at fair value.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS32_P2396">The Interpretations Committee was also asked whether the parent applies           the same accounting for NCI puts for which the parent has the choice to settle the           exercise price either in cash or by way of a variable number of its own equity instruments           to the same value.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee observed that, in the past, it had discussed issues           relating to NCI puts that are settled in cash. Those issues were referred to the Board and           are being considered as part of the Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity           project.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Interpretations Committee noted that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>             <p>on the basis of its previous discussions, the issue is too broad for the               Interpretations Committee to address efficiently within the confines of existing IFRS               Standards; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p>the Board is currently considering the requirements for all derivatives on an               entity’s own equity comprehensively as part of the Financial Instruments with               Characteristics of Equity project.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS32_P2397">For these reasons, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this           issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS32_25" id="EDUFN_ad2014-january-ap9_IAS32">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, January 2014, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:           Presentation</ph></ph>—Classification of a financial instrument that is mandatorily           convertible into a variable number of shares upon a contingent "nonviability"           event’</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee discussed how an issuer would classify a particular           mandatorily convertible financial instrument in accordance with <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>. The           financial instrument did not have a stated maturity date but was mandatorily convertible           into a variable number of the issuer’s own equity instruments if the issuer breached the           Tier 1 Capital ratio (ie described as a ‘contingent non-viability event’). The financial           instrument is issued at par and the value of the equity instruments that will be delivered           at conversion is equal to that fixed par amount. Interest payments on the instrument are           payable at the discretion of the issuer.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Specifically the Interpretations Committee discussed the           following issues:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>Whether the financial instrument meets the definition of a financial liability in its               entirety or must be classified as a compound instrument comprised of a liability               component and an equity component (and, in the latter case, what those components               reflect); and</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>How the financial liability (or liability component) identified above in bullet a.               would be measured.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>The Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda. The           Interpretations Committee noted that the scope of the issues raised in the submission is           too broad for it to address in an efficient manner.</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS32_33" id="IAS32_FN0025">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2402">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, August 2002, Agenda           Decision, ‘<i>Own shares that are held for trading purposes</i>’</p>         <p>The IFRIC considered providing guidance on whether an exception from <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC‑16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Share Capital—Reacquired Own Equity Instruments (Treasury               Shares)</ph></ph> should be made for own shares that are held for trading purposes in           order to allow them to be measured at fair value with changes in value being reported in           the income statement.</p>         <p>The IFRIC agreed not to issue an Interpretation, because IAS 39 and SIC‑16are clear that:           (a) own shares should be treated as a deduction from equity in all circumstances, (b) they           may not be classified as an asset that is held for trading; and (c) no gain or loss is           recognised in the income statement on such shares. [These issues were considered as part           of the process of improving IAS 32. SIC‑16was superseded by IAS 32 (as revised in December           2003).]]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_33" id="IAS32_FN0026">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2403">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, August 2002, Agenda           Decision, ‘<i>Own shares that are held for trading purposes</i>’</p>         <p>The IFRIC considered providing guidance on whether an exception from <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC‑16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Share Capital—Reacquired Own Equity Instruments (Treasury               Shares)</ph></ph> should be made for own shares that are held for trading purposes in           order to allow them to be measured at fair value with changes in value being reported in           the income statement.</p>         <p>The IFRIC agreed not to issue an Interpretation, because IAS 39 and SIC‑16are clear that:           (a) own shares should be treated as a deduction from equity in all circumstances, (b) they           may not be classified as an asset that is held for trading; and (c) no gain or loss is           recognised in the income statement on such shares. [These issues were considered as part           of the process of improving IAS 32. SIC‑16was superseded by IAS 32 (as revised in December           2003). In 2017 IFRS 17 amended IAS 32 to permit some treasury shares, in limited           circumstances, to be measured at fair value through profit or loss—see paragraph 33A of           IAS 32.]]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_37and38" id="IAS32_FN0027">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2404">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, September 2008,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:             Presentation</ph></ph>—Transaction costs to be deducted from equity’ </p>         <p>The IFRIC received a request for guidance on the extent of transaction costs to be           accounted for as a deduction from equity in accordance with IAS 32 paragraph 37 and on how           the requirements of IAS 32 paragraph 38 to allocate transaction costs that relate jointly           to one or more transaction should be applied. This issue relates specifically to the           meaning of the terms ‘incremental’ and ‘directly attributable’.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that only incremental costs directly attributable to issuing new equity           instruments or acquiring previously outstanding equity instruments are related to an           equity transaction in accordance with IAS 32. The IFRIC also noted that judgement will be           required to determine which costs are related solely to other activities undertaken at the           same time as issuing equity, such as becoming a public company or acquiring an exchange           listing, and which are costs that relate jointly to both activities that must be allocated           in accordance with paragraph 38.</p>         <p>In view of the existing guidance, the IFRIC decided not to add this issue to its           agenda.</p>         <p>However, the IFRIC also noted that the terms ‘incremental’ and ‘directly attributable’           are used with similar but not identical meanings in many Standards and Interpretations.           The IFRIC recommended that common definitions should be developed for both terms and added           to the Glossary as part of the Board’s Annual Improvements project.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_42" id="IAS32_FN0029">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2406">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2016, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:             Presentation</ph></ph>—Offsetting and cash-pooling arrangements’ </p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify an issue related to             IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial               Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>. The issue relates to whether a particular           cash-pooling arrangement would meet the requirements for offsetting in accordance with           IAS 32—specifically, whether the regular physical transfers of balances (but not at the           reporting date) into a netting account would be sufficient to demonstrate an intention to           settle the entire period-end account balances on a net basis in accordance with           paragraph 42(b) of IAS 32.</p>         <p>For the purposes of the analysis, the Interpretations Committee considered the specific           example included in the request, which describes a cash-pooling arrangement involving           subsidiaries within a group, each of which have legally separate bank accounts. At the           reporting date, the group has the legally enforceable right to set off balances in these           bank accounts in accordance with paragraph 42(a) of IAS 32. Interest is calculated on a           notional basis using the net balance of all the separate bank accounts. In addition, the           group instigates regular physical transfers of balances into a single netting account.           However, such transfers are not required under the terms of the cash-pooling arrangement           and are not performed at the reporting date. Furthermore, at the reporting date, the group           expects that its subsidiaries will use their bank accounts before the next net settlement           date, by placing further cash on deposit or by withdrawing cash to settle other           obligations.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">In considering whether the group could demonstrate an           intention to settle on a net basis in accordance with paragraph 42(b) of IAS 32, the           Interpretations Committee observed that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IAS32_P2407">paragraph 46 of IAS 32 states that net presentation more               appropriately reflects the amounts and timings of the expected future cash flows only               when there is an intention to exercise a legally enforceable right to set off; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS32_P2408">in accordance with paragraph 47 of IAS 32, when assessing whether               there is an intention to settle net, an entity considers normal business practices,               the requirements of the financial markets and other circumstances that may limit the               ability to settle net.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS32_P2409">Consequently, within the context of the particular cash-pooling           arrangement described by the submitter, the Interpretations Committee noted that the group           should consider the principles above in order to assess whether, at the reporting date,           there is an intention to settle its subsidiaries’ bank account balances on a net basis or           whether the intention is for its subsidiaries to use those individual bank account           balances for other purposes before the next net settlement date. In this regard, the           Interpretations Committee observed that the group expects cash movements to take place on           individual bank accounts before the next net settlement date because the group expects its           subsidiaries to use those bank accounts in their normal course of business. Consequently,           the Interpretations Committee noted that, to the extent to which the group did not expect           to settle its subsidiaries’ period-end account balances on a net basis, it would not be           appropriate for the group to assert that it had the intention to settle the entire           period-end balances on a net basis at the reporting date. This is because presenting these           balances net would not appropriately reflect the amounts and timings of the expected           future cash flows, taking into account the group’s and its subsidiaries’ normal business           practices. However, the Interpretations Committee also observed that in other cash-pooling           arrangements, a group’s expectations regarding how subsidiaries will use their bank           accounts before the next net settlement date may be different. Consequently it was noted           that, in those circumstances, the group would be required to apply judgement in           determining whether there was an intention to settle on a net basis at the reporting           date.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee also observed that the results of the outreach did not           suggest that the particular type of cash-pooling arrangement described by the submitter           was widespread. Furthermore, it was noted that many different types of cash-pooling           arrangements exist in practice. Consequently, the determination of what constitutes an           intention to settle on a net basis would depend on the individual facts and circumstances           of each case. The Interpretations Committee further noted that an entity should also           consider the disclosure requirements related to offsetting of financial assets and           financial liabilities in the applicable IFRS Standards. </p>         <p>In the light of this and the existing requirements in IFRS Standards, the Interpretations           Committee decided that neither an Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was           necessary. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to           its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_AG26" id="IAS32_FN0033">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2413">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2010, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:           Presentation</ph></ph>—Shareholder discretion’ </p>         <p>The IFRIC received a request for guidance on whether a financial instrument, in the form           of a preference share that includes a contractual obligation to deliver cash, is a           financial liability or equity, if the payment is at the ultimate discretion of the           issuer’s shareholders.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that paragraph AG26 of IAS 32 identifies that when distributions to           holders of preference shares are at the discretion of the issuer, the shares are equity           instruments.</p>         <p>The IFRIC identified that diversity may exist in practice in assessing whether an entity           has an unconditional right to avoid delivering cash if the contractual obligation is at           the ultimate discretion of the issuer’s shareholders, and consequently whether a financial           instrument should be classified as a financial liability or equity.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that the Board is currently undertaking a project to improve and simplify           the financial reporting requirements for financial instruments with characteristics of           equity. The main objectives of this project are to develop a better distinction between           equity and non‑equity instruments and convergence of IFRSs and US GAAP.</p>         <p>Consequently, the IFRIC recommended that the Board address this issue as part of its           current project on <i>Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity</i>. The           Board’s project was expected to address the distinction between equity and non‑equity           instruments in a shorter period than the IFRIC would require to complete its due process.           Therefore, the IFRIC decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS32_16A" id="IAS32_EDUFN0035">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS32_P2382">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, November 2013,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 10</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial             Statements</ph></ph>—Classification of puttable instruments that are non-controlling           interests’</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee discussed a request for guidance on the classification, in           the consolidated financial statements of a group, of puttable instruments that are issued           by a subsidiary but that are not held, directly or indirectly, by the parent. The           submitter asked about puttable instruments classified as equity instruments in the           financial statements of the subsidiary in accordance with paragraphs 16A–16B of IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:               Presentation</ph></ph> (‘puttable instruments’) that are not held, directly or           indirectly, by the parent. The question asked was whether these instruments should be           classified as equity or liability in the parent’s consolidated financial statements.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The submitter claims that paragraph 22 of IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial               Statements</ph></ph> is not consistent with paragraph AG29A of IAS 32, because:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IAS32_P2383">IFRS 10 defines non-controlling interests (NCI) as equity in a               subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to a parent;</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS32_P2384">according to paragraph 22 of IFRS 10 a parent shall present               non-controlling interests (NCI) in the consolidated statement of financial position               within equity; but</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p id="IAS32_P2385">according to paragraph AG29A of IAS 32, instruments classified as               equity instruments in accordance with paragraphs 16A–16D of IAS 32 in the separate or               individual financial statements of the subsidiary that are NCI are classified as               liabilities in the consolidated financial statements of the group.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS32_P2386">The Interpretations Committee noted that paragraphs 16A–16D of IAS 32           state that puttable instruments and instruments that impose on the entity an obligation to           deliver to another party a pro rata share of the net assets of the entity only on           liquidation meet the definition of a financial liability. These instruments are classified           as equity in the financial statements of the subsidiary as an exception to the definition           of a financial liability if all relevant requirements are met. Paragraph AG29A clarifies           that this exception applies only to the financial statements of the subsidiary and does           not extend to the parent’s consolidated financial statements. Consequently, these           financial instruments should be classified as financial liabilities in the parent’s           consolidated financial statements.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee therefore concluded that in the light of the existing           guidance in IAS 32, neither an interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was necessary           and consequently decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IAS32_19" id="EDUFN-ad2022-june-ias32">                  <p>The Committee received a request about whether a special purpose acquisition company           (SPAC), in applying IAS 32, classifies public shares it issues as financial liabilities or           equity instruments. A SPAC is a listed entity that is established to acquire a           yet-to-be-identified target entity.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The request described a SPAC that issues two classes of           shares: founder shares (Class A) and public shares (Class B). The Class B           shareholders:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>individually have the contractual right to demand a               reimbursement of their shares if the SPAC’s shareholders approve the acquisition of a               target entity.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>are reimbursed if the SPAC is liquidated. The SPAC is               liquidated if no target entity is acquired within a specified period.</p></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>along with the Class A shareholders, have the contractual               right to extend the SPAC’s life indefinitely if no target entity is acquired.</p></li></ol>         <p>The request asked about the effect of the shareholders’ contractual right to extend the           SPAC’s life indefinitely on the classification of the Class B shares—in particular,           whether the shareholders’ decision to extend the SPAC’s life is considered to be within           the control of the SPAC. This assessment is needed to determine whether the SPAC has the           unconditional right to avoid delivering cash or another financial asset to settle a           contractual obligation.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that IAS 32 includes no requirements on how to assess whether a           decision of shareholders is treated as a decision of the entity. The Committee           acknowledged that similar questions about shareholder decisions arise in other           circumstances. Assessing whether a decision of shareholders is treated as a decision of           the entity has been identified as one of the practice issues the International Accounting           Standards Board (IASB) will consider in its Financial Instruments with Characteristics of           Equity (FICE) project. The Committee concluded that the matter described in the request           is, in isolation, too narrow for the IASB or the Committee to address in a cost-effective           manner. Instead, the IASB should consider the matter as part of its broader discussions on           the FICE project. For these reasons, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting           project to the work plan. The Committee nonetheless noted the importance of the SPAC           disclosing information in the notes to its financial statements about the classification           of its public shares.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IAS32_4" id="EDUFN-ad2022-september-ias32">                  <p>The Committee received a request about an entity’s acquisition of a special purpose           acquisition company (SPAC). The request asked how the entity accounts for warrants on           acquiring the SPAC.</p>         <p>…</p>         <p>[The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after paragraph 2 of IFRS 3.]]</p>       </fn>     </bodydiv></body></topic>