<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="d5e21013"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IAS32_FN0017">       <p id="IAS32_P2390">In this Standard, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0030">       <p id="IAS32_P2410">In August 2005 the IASB relocated all disclosures relating to financial instruments to <xref base="F16453216" href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" id="IAS32_X1137">IFRS 7 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0031">       <p id="IAS32_P2411">In this guidance, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0032">       <p id="IAS32_P2412">This is true of most, but not all derivatives, eg in some cross‑currency interest rate swaps principal is exchanged on inception (and re‑exchanged on maturity).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0035">       <p id="IAS32_P2415">In these examples, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0036">       <p id="IAS32_P2416">In these examples, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0037">       <p id="IAS32_P2417">In this example, the entity has no obligation to deliver a share of its reserves to its members.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0038">       <p id="IAS32_P2418">This amount represents the difference between the fair value amount allocated to the liability component and the repurchase price of CU1,700.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0039">       <p id="IAS32_P2419">In August 2005, the IASB relocated all disclosures relating to financial instruments to <xref base="F16453267" href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" id="IAS32_X1139">IFRS 7 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph></xref>. The paragraphs relating to disclosures that were originally published in this Basis for Conclusions were relocated, if still relevant, to the <xref base="F16453268" href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_BC_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0005" id="IAS32_X1140">Basis for Conclusions on IFRS 7</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0040">       <p id="IAS32_P2420"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0041">       <p id="IAS32_P2421">IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> (as revised in 2007) requires an entity to present all income and expense items in one statement of comprehensive income or in two statements (a separate income statement and a statement of comprehensive income).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0042">       <p id="IAS32_P2422">IAS 1 (revised 2007) replaced the term ‘balance sheet’ with ‘statement of financial position’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0043">       <p id="IAS32_P2423">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> are to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0044">       <p id="IAS32_P2424">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was revised and amended.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0045">       <p id="IAS32_P2425">IAS 1 (as revised in 2007) replaced the term ‘balance sheet’ with ‘statement of financial position’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0046">       <p id="IAS32_P2426"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. The requirements of paragraph 43 of IAS 39 relating to the initial measurement of financial assets were relocated to paragraph 5.1.1 of IFRS 9.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0047">       <p id="IAS32_P2427"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0048">       <p id="IAS32_P2428">now paragraph 4.22 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0049">       <p id="IAS32_P2429"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015–2017 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in December 2017, deleted paragraph 52B of IAS 12. The requirements previously specified in that paragraph were moved to paragraph 57A of IAS 12.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0050">       <p id="IAS32_P2430"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015–2017 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in December 2017, deleted paragraph 52B of IAS 12. The requirements previously specified in that paragraph were moved to paragraph 57A of IAS 12.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0051">       <p id="IAS32_P2431">In January 2008 the IASB issued an amended IAS 27 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph>, which amended 'minority interest' to 'non‑controlling interests'. The consolidation requirements in IAS 27 were superseded by <xref base="F16164921" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IAS32_X1141">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. The term ‘non‑controlling interests’ and the requirements for non‑controlling interests were not changed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0052">       <p id="IAS32_P2432"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0053">       <p id="IAS32_P2433">In the completed version of IFRS 9, issued in July 2014, the Board specified that entities must adopt the completed version of IFRS 9 for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0054">       <p id="IAS32_P2434">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> is to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework </ph></ph>with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0055">       <p id="IAS32_P2435">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> is to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework </ph></ph>with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0056">       <p id="IAS32_P2436">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0057">       <p id="IAS32_P2437">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> is to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was revised.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0058">       <p id="IAS32_P2438">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0059">       <p id="IAS32_P2439">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework </ph></ph>are to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework </ph></ph>with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0060">       <p id="IAS32_P2440">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> in this Dissent are to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was amended.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>