<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IAS32_AG37" base="SL31656" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>AG37</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS&#xa0;32"/><data name="paranum" value="AG37"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS32_P0577">The following example illustrates the application of <xref id="IAS32_X0705" base="F958054" href="IAS32_35.dita#IAS32_35">paragraph 35</xref> to a compound financial instrument. Assume that a non&#x2011;cumulative preference share is mandatorily redeemable for cash in five years, but that dividends are payable at the discretion of the entity before the redemption date. Such an instrument is a compound financial instrument, with the liability component being the present value of the redemption amount. The unwinding of the discount on this component is recognised in profit or loss and classified as interest expense. Any&#xa0;dividends paid relate to the equity component and, accordingly, are recognised as a distribution of profit or loss. A similar treatment would apply if the redemption was not mandatory but at the option of the holder, or if the share was mandatorily convertible into a variable number of ordinary shares calculated to equal a fixed amount or an amount based on changes in an underlying variable (eg commodity). However, if any unpaid dividends are added to the redemption amount, the entire instrument is a liability. In&#xa0;such a case, any dividends are classified as interest expense.</p></body></paragraph>