<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="CF2018_5_25" base="F72786011"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>5.25</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value=""/><data name="paranum" value="5.25"/></prolog><body><p id="CF2018_P0323">Hence, when assessing whether the recognition of an asset or liability can provide a faithful representation of the asset or liability, it is necessary to consider not merely its description and measurement in the statement of financial position, but also: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="CF2018_L0041" base="F72786013" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P0324" base="F72786014">the depiction of resulting income, expenses and changes in equity. For example, if an entity acquires an asset in exchange for consideration, not recognising the asset would result in recognising expenses and would reduce the entity&#x2019;s profit and equity. In some cases, for example, if the entity does not consume the asset immediately, that result could provide a misleading representation that the entity&#x2019;s financial position has deteriorated.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P0325" base="F72786016">whether related assets and liabilities are recognised. If they are not recognised, recognition may create a recognition inconsistency (accounting mismatch). That may not provide an understandable or faithful representation of the overall effect of the transaction or other event giving rise to the asset or liability, even if explanatory information is provided in the notes.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P0326" base="F72786018">presentation and disclosure of information about the asset or liability, and resulting income, expenses or changes in equity. A complete depiction includes all information necessary for a user of financial statements to understand the economic phenomenon depicted, including all necessary descriptions and explanations. Hence, presentation and disclosure of related information can enable a recognised amount to form part of a faithful representation of an asset, a liability, equity, income or expenses.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>