<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="CF2018_6.14" base="F72786345"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>6.14</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value=""/><data name="paranum" value="6.14"/></prolog><body><p id="CF2018_P0381">In some cases, fair value can be determined directly by observing prices in an active market. In other cases, it is determined indirectly using measurement techniques, for example, cash-flow-based measurement techniques (see paragraphs 6.91–6.95), reflecting all the following factors: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="CF2018_L0054" base="F72786347" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P0382" base="F72786348">estimates of future cash flows.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P0383" base="F72786350">possible variations in the estimated amount or timing of future cash flows for the asset or liability being measured, caused by the uncertainty inherent in the cash flows.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P0384" base="F72786352">the time value of money.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P0385" base="F72786354">the price for bearing the uncertainty inherent in the cash flows (a risk premium or risk discount). The price for bearing that uncertainty depends on the extent of that uncertainty. It also reflects the fact that investors would generally pay less for an asset (and generally require more for taking on a liability) that has uncertain cash flows than for an asset (or liability) whose cash flows are certain.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P0386" base="F72786356">other factors, for example, liquidity, if market participants would take those factors into account in the circumstances.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>