<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="d5e10848"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0001">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1435">In September 2010 the IASB replaced the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;with the&#xa0;<xref base="F16457054" href="../cf2010/CF2010_TOC0001.dita#CF2010_TOC0001" id="IFRIC12_X0364"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0002">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1436">The title of SIC&#x2011;29, formerly&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Disclosure&#x2014;Service Concession Arrangements</ph></ph>, was amended by IFRIC&#xa0;12.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0003">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1437">In September 2010 the IASB replaced the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;with the&#xa0;<xref base="F19307801" href="../cf2010/CF2010_TOC0001.dita#CF2010_TOC0001" id="IFRIC12_X0365"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0004">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1438">The title of SIC&#x2011;29, formerly&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Disclosure&#x2014;Service Concession Arrangements</ph></ph>, was amended by IFRIC&#xa0;12.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0005">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1439">In September 2010 the IASB replaced the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;with the&#xa0;<xref base="F46481546" href="../cf2010/CF2010_TOC0001.dita#CF2010_TOC0001" id="IFRIC12_X0366"><ph outputclass="standard_ref">&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0006">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1440">The title of SIC&#x2011;29, formerly&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Disclosure&#x2014;Service Concession Arrangements</ph></ph>, was amended by IFRIC&#xa0;12.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0007">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1441">The reference is to the IASC&#x2019;s&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Interpretation was developed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0008">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1442">The title of SIC&#x2011;29, formerly&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Disclosure&#x2014;Service Concession Arrangements</ph></ph>, was amended by IFRIC&#xa0;12.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0013">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1458">in this example, monetary amounts are denominated in &#x2018;currency units (CU)&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0014">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1459">The operator estimates the relative stand-alone selling price by reference to the forecast cost plus 5 per cent.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0015">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1460">The operator estimates the relative stand-alone selling price by reference to the forecast cost plus 20 per cent.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0016">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1461">The operator estimates the relative stand-alone selling price by reference to the forecast cost plus 10 per cent.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0017">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1462">The implied interest rate is assumed to be the rate that would be reflected in a financing transaction between the operator and the grantor.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0018">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1463">No effective interest arises in year 1 because the cash flows are assumed to take place at the end of the year.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0019">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1464">No effective interest arises in year 1 because the cash flows are assumed to take place at the end of the year.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0020">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1465">Table 1.1</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0021">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1466">Debt at start of year (table 1.6) x 6.7%</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0022">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1467">Amount due from grantor at start of year (table 1.6) &#xd7; 6.18%</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0023">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1468">Cash/(debt) (table 1.6) &#xd7; 6.7%</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0024">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1469">Amount due from grantor at start of year, plus revenue and finance income earned in year (table 1.5), less receipts in year (table 1.4).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0025">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1470">Debt at start of year plus net cash flow in year (table 1.4).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0026">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1471">in this example, monetary amounts are denominated in &#x2018;currency units (CU)&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0027">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1472">in this example, monetary amounts are denominated in &#x2018;currency units (CU)&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0028">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1473">Table 2.1</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0029">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1474">Debt at start of year (table 2.6) &#xd7; 6.7%</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0030">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1475">Borrowing costs are capitalised during the construction phase.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0031">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1476">Table 2.4</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0032">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1477">Debt at start of year plus net cash flow in year (table 2.4)</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0033">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1478">in this example, monetary amounts are denominated in &#x2018;currency units (CU)&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0034">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1479">in this example, monetary amounts are denominated in &#x2018;currency units (CU)&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0035">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1480">Amount guaranteed by the grantor as a proportion of the construction services</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0036">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1481">Amount guaranteed by the grantor as a proportion of the construction services</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0037">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1482">Table 3.1</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0038">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1483">Debt at start of year (table 3.9) &#xd7; 6.7%</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0039">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1484">Interest on receivable</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0040">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1485">Table 3.1</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0041">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1486">In year 2, borrowing costs are stated net of amount capitalised in the intangible (see table 3.4).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0042">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1487">Debt at start of year plus net cash flow in year (table 3.7)</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0043">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1488">References to the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;are to IASC&#x2019;s&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;with the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0044">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1489">References to the&#xa0;<i>Framework</i>&#xa0;in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC&#x2019;s&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Interpretation was developed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0045">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1490"><xref base="F35623160" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IFRIC12_X0367"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;15</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2014, replaced&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;18</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0046">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1491"><xref base="F35623161" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IFRIC12_X0368"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;15</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2014, replaced&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;11</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Construction Contracts</ph></ph>&#xa0;and&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;18</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue</ph></ph>. IFRS&#xa0;15 requires revenue to be recognised when (or as) an entity satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service to a customer. IFRS&#xa0;15 measures the revenue by (a) determining the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer; and (b) allocating that amount to the performance obligations.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0047">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1492"><xref base="F36247978" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IFRIC12_X0369"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;15</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2014, replaced&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;11</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Construction Contracts</ph></ph>&#xa0;and&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;18</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue</ph></ph>. IFRS&#xa0;15 requires revenue to be recognised when (or as) an entity satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service to a customer. IFRS&#xa0;15 measures the revenue by (a) determining the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer; and (b) allocating that amount to the performance obligations.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0048">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1493"><xref base="F36247979" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IFRIC12_X0370"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;15</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2014, replaced&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;11</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Construction Contracts</ph></ph>&#xa0;and&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;18</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue</ph></ph>. IFRS&#xa0;15 requires revenue to be recognised when (or as) an entity satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service to a customer. IFRS&#xa0;15 measures the revenue by (a) determining the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer; and (b) allocating that amount to the performance obligations.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0049">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1494"><xref base="F36247980" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IFRIC12_X0371"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;15</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2014, replaced&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;11</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Construction Contracts</ph></ph>&#xa0;and&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;18</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue</ph></ph>. IFRS&#xa0;15 requires revenue to be recognised when (or as) an entity satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service to a customer. IFRS&#xa0;15 measures the revenue by (a) determining the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer; and (b) allocating that amount to the performance obligations.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0050">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1495"><xref base="F35623162" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IFRIC12_X0372"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;15</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2014, replaced&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;18</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue</ph></ph>. IFRS&#xa0;15 requires an entity to measure non-cash consideration at fair value, unless the entity cannot reasonably estimate the fair value of the non-cash consideration. In such cases, IFRS&#xa0;15 requires the entity to measure the consideration indirectly by reference to the stand-alone selling price of the goods or services promised to the customer in exchange for the consideration.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0051">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1496">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0052">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1497"><xref base="F35623163" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IFRIC12_X0373"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;15</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2014, replaced&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;18</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue</ph></ph>. IFRS&#xa0;15 requires an entity to recognise a financial asset to the extent that it has an unconditional contractual right to receive cash or another financial asset. This is also discussed in paragraph 16 of IFRIC&#xa0;12.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0053">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1498">In March 2007,&#xa0;<xref base="F7165262" href="../ias23/IAS23_TOC0001.dita#IAS23_TOC0001" id="IFRIC12_X0374">IAS&#xa0;23</xref>&#xa0;was revised to require the previously allowed alternative treatment of capitalisation. Therefore, an entity is required to capitalise borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset to the extent that they are directly attributable to its acquisition, construction or production until the asset is ready for its intended use or sale. That revision does not affect the reasoning set out in this Basis for Conclusions.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0054">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1499">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0055">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1500">In March 2007,&#xa0;<xref base="F19748238" href="../ias23/IAS23_TOC0001.dita#IAS23_TOC0001" id="IFRIC12_X0375">IAS&#xa0;23</xref>&#xa0;was revised to require the previously allowed alternative treatment of capitalisation. Therefore, an entity is required to capitalise borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset to the extent that they are directly attributable to its acquisition, construction or production until the asset is ready for its intended use or sale. That revision does not affect the reasoning set out in this Basis for Conclusions.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0056">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1501">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0057">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1502">now paragraph 4.46 of the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0058">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1503">In March 2007,&#xa0;<xref base="F7165261" href="../ias23/IAS23_TOC0001.dita#IAS23_TOC0001" id="IFRIC12_X0376">IAS&#xa0;23</xref>&#xa0;was revised to require the previously allowed alternative treatment of capitalisation. Therefore, an entity is required to capitalise borrowing costs as part of the cost of a qualifying asset to the extent that they are directly attributable to its acquisition, construction or production until the asset is ready for its intended use or sale. That revision does not affect the reasoning set out in this Basis for Conclusions.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC12_FN0059">       <p><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Preface to International Financial Reporting Standards</ph></ph>&#xa0;renamed&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Preface to IFRS Standards</ph></ph>, December 2018.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>