<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS15_BC_A1" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">A1</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="A1" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant base="F49528034" id="IFRS15_A1_V2" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant ">       <p id="IFRS15_P3081" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 15, together with the FASB’s Topic 606, issued in May 2014 completes a joint effort by the IASB and the FASB to improve financial reporting by creating a common revenue standard for IFRS and US GAAP that can be applied consistently across various transactions, industries and capital markets. In IFRS 15 and Topic 606, the boards achieved their goal of reaching the same conclusions on all requirements for the accounting for revenue from contracts with customers. However, there are some minor differences in the standards as issued in May 2014, which are as follows:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="F49528035" id="IFRS15_L0257" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p base="F49528037" id="IFRS15_P3082" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Collectability threshold</b>—the boards included an explicit collectability threshold as one of the criteria that a contract must meet before an entity can recognise revenue. For a contract to meet that criterion, an entity must conclude that it is probable that it will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer. In setting the threshold, the boards acknowledged that the term ‘probable’ has different meanings in IFRS and in US GAAP. However, the boards decided to set the threshold at a level that is consistent with previous revenue recognition practices and requirements in IFRS and in US GAAP. (See <xref href="IFRS15_gBC42-BC46H.dita#IFRS15_gBC42_BC46H" base="F49528039" id="IFRS15_X2325" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC42–BC46</xref>.)</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p base="F49528041" id="IFRS15_P3083" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Interim disclosure requirements</b>—the boards noted that the general principles in their respective interim reporting requirements (<xref href="../ias34/IAS34_TOC0001.dita#IAS34_TOC0001" base="F49528043" id="IFRS15_X2326" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 34 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Interim Financial Reporting</ph></ph></xref> and Topic 270 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Interim Reporting</ph></ph>) would apply to revenue from contracts with customers. However, the IASB decided to also amend <xref href="../ias34/IAS34_TOC0001.dita#IAS34_TOC0001" base="F49528046" id="IFRS15_X2327" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 34</xref> to specifically require the disclosure of disaggregated information of revenue from contracts with customers in interim financial reports. The FASB similarly decided to amend Topic 270, to require a public entity to disclose disaggregated revenue information in interim financial reports, but also made amendments to require information about both contract balances and remaining performance obligations to be disclosed on an interim basis. (See <xref href="IFRS15_gBC358-BC361.dita#IFRS15_gBC358_BC361" base="F49528047" id="IFRS15_X2328" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC358–BC361</xref>.)</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p base="F49528049" id="IFRS15_P3084" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Early application and effective date</b>—<xref href="IFRS15_C1.dita#IFRS15_C1" base="F49528051" id="IFRS15_X2329" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph C1 of IFRS 15</xref> allows entities to apply the requirements early, whereas Topic 606 prohibits a public entity from applying the requirements earlier than the effective date.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS15_FN0033" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> In addition, the effective date for IFRS 15 is for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2017, whereas Topic 606 has an effective date for public entities for annual reporting periods beginning after 15 December 2016.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS15_FN0034" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> (See paragraphs BC452–BC453.)</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>           <p base="F49528053" id="IFRS15_P3085" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Impairment loss reversal</b>—<xref href="IFRS15_104.dita#IFRS15_104" base="F49528055" id="IFRS15_X2330" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 104 of IFRS 15</xref> requires an entity to reverse impairment losses, which is consistent with the requirements for the impairment of assets within the scope of <xref href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001/IAS36_TOC0001_V2" base="F49528056" id="IFRS15_X2331" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 36 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph></xref>. In contrast, consistent with other areas of US GAAP, Topic 606 does not allow an entity to reverse an impairment loss on an asset that is recognised in accordance with the guidance on costs to obtain or fulfil a contract. (See <xref href="IFRS15_gBC309-BC311.dita#IFRS15_gBC309_BC311" base="F49528058" id="IFRS15_X2332" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC309–BC311</xref>.)</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>           <p base="F49528060" id="IFRS15_P3086" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Non-public entity requirements</b>—there are no specific requirements included in IFRS 15 for non-public entities. Entities that do not have public accountability may apply <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS for Small and Medium-sized Entities</ph></ph>. Topic 606 applies to non-public entities, although some specific reliefs relating to disclosure, transition and effective date have been included in Topic 606 for non-public entities.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>