<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS15_BC488" base="F31852267" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC488</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC488" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS15_P3015" class="- topic/p ">The boards considered those costs in their analysis of the effects for the Standard as a whole and in relation to specific provisions in IFRS 15 when making their decisions. Board members and staff consulted extensively across a wide range of industries and jurisdictions to better understand some of the operational issues arising from the proposals in the Discussion Paper and both Exposure Drafts. The boards took that feedback into consideration in their redeliberations and, as a result, modified or clarified many aspects of the revenue recognition model to reduce the burden of implementing and applying the requirements. Those decisions and their rationale are documented throughout the Basis for Conclusions in relation to specific aspects of the model such as variable consideration and significant financing components. Those clarifications and modifications included:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS15_L0246" base="F31852269" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3016" base="F31852270" class="- topic/p ">clarifying the use of portfolios—the boards clarified that many entities would not need to develop systems to account for each contract individually, especially entities that have a large volume of similar contracts with similar classes of customer. In those cases, the boards noted that entities may apply the requirements to a portfolio of similar contracts.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3017" base="F31852272" class="- topic/p ">practical expedients—the boards added some practical expedients (for example, in the requirements for adjusting the transaction price for significant financing components) to simplify compliance with the requirements in circumstances in which the boards determined that applying the practical expedient would have a limited effect on the amount or timing of revenue recognition.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3018" base="F31852274" class="- topic/p ">disclosure requirements—the boards eliminated the rigidity in the disclosure requirements proposed in the 2011 Exposure Draft that required entities to provide a detailed reconciliation of their contract balances. Instead, the boards decided to require only the opening and closing balances as well as some information on the changes in those balances. The boards also provided similar relief for the reconciliation proposed in the 2011 Exposure Draft for the costs to obtain or fulfil a contract.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3019" base="F31852276" class="- topic/p ">transition requirements—the boards expected that the costs of the systems and operational changes would be incurred primarily during the transition from previous revenue recognition requirements to IFRS 15. Therefore, to ease implementation costs and complexities associated with transition to IFRS 15, the boards decided to provide practical expedients that an entity may elect to use when applying the requirements retrospectively. In addition, the boards introduced an alternative transition method (ie the cumulative catch-up transition method) that would alleviate the costs of transition for many entities because it would not require restatement of prior periods.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3020" base="F31852278" class="- topic/p ">additional illustrations—the boards responded to requests from respondents to provide examples that would illustrate the various aspects of IFRS 15 by providing educational guidance designed to help with implementation and understandability wherever possible. The boards concluded that this would help to reduce both the initial and ongoing cost of compliance, as well as enhancing the consistency of application and therefore comparability of financial statements.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>