<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS15_BC412" base="F31840316" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC412</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC412" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS15_P2773" class="- topic/p ">In developing the criteria, the boards considered, but rejected, differentiating licences based on the following factors:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS15_L0221" base="F31840318" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2774" base="F31840320" class="- topic/p ">term of the licence—the length of a licence term is a restriction that represents an attribute of the asset transferred and does not provide information on the nature of the underlying intellectual property or on the nature of the entity’s promise. For those reasons, the licence term does not depict when a customer obtains control of the promised licence.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2775" base="F31840321" class="- topic/p ">exclusivity—the 2010 Exposure Draft proposed to distinguish between licences (ie whether they were a performance obligation satisfied over time or at a point in time) on the basis of whether the licence was exclusive. Many respondents to the 2010 Exposure Draft explained that a distinction based on exclusivity was inconsistent with the control principle, because exclusivity does not affect the determination of the entity’s performance. In addition, respondents stated that a distinction based on exclusivity would not be operational, because it would require the boards to provide more clarity on how the term ‘exclusive’ would be interpreted. The boards observed that exclusivity is another restriction that represents an attribute of the asset transferred, rather than the nature of the underlying intellectual property or the entity’s promise in granting a licence.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2776" base="F31840323" class="- topic/p ">consumption of the underlying intellectual property—the boards also considered but rejected an approach that would differentiate between licences on the basis of the amount of the underlying intellectual property that was used up, or consumed by, a licence. This is because the intellectual property can be divided in many ways such as by time, geographical region or other restriction on use, and the rights can be provided to more than one customer at the same time through different licences. Consequently, it would be difficult for an entity to determine how much of the intellectual property was consumed by a particular licence.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2777" base="F31840325" class="- topic/p ">payment terms—the boards decided not to use payment terms to differentiate between licences. This is because payment terms are not indicative of whether the licence provides the customer with a right to access or right to use the intellectual property of the entity and thus when the performance obligation is satisfied. Instead, payment terms will be agreed by the customer and the entity and will reflect other economic factors such as credit risk and potential cash flows of the asset.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>