<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS15_BC46F" base="F48708641" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC46F</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC46F" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS15_P2171" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS15_15.dita#IFRS15_15" id="IFRS15_X1775" base="F51967230" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 15</xref> specifies when an entity should recognise any consideration received from a customer as revenue when the contract does not meet Step 1 of the revenue recognition model. Paragraph 15(b) states that an entity should recognise revenue when the contract has been terminated and the consideration received from the customer is non-refundable. The TRG’s discussions informed the boards about potential diversity in stakeholders’ understanding of when a contract is terminated. The assessment of when a contract is terminated affects when an entity recognises revenue in a contract that does not meet Step 1 of the revenue recognition model. Some stakeholders asserted that a contract is terminated when an entity stops transferring promised goods or services to the customer. Other stakeholders asserted that a contract is terminated only when the entity stops pursuing collection from the customer. Stakeholders noted that those two events often occur at different points in time. For example, entities sometimes pursue collection for a significant period of time after they have stopped transferring promised goods or services to the customer. As a result, non-refundable consideration received from the customer might be recognised as a liability for a significant period of time during which an entity pursues collection, even though the entity may have stopped transferring promised goods or services to the customer and has no further obligations to transfer goods or services to the customer.</p></body></paragraph>