<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS15_BC385J" base="F48708866" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC385J</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC385J" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS15_P2710" class="- topic/p ">The boards decided to amend the indicators in <xref href="IFRS15_B37.dita#IFRS15_B37/IFRS15_B37_V2" id="IFRS15_X2118" base="F52062291" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B37</xref> to more clearly establish a link between the control principle and the indicators by: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS15_L0214" base="F48708868" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2711" base="F48708869" class="- topic/p ">reframing the indicators as indicators of when an entity controls a specified good or service before transfer, rather than as indicators that an entity does not control the specified good or service before transfer.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2712" base="F48708871" class="- topic/p ">adding guidance to explain how each indicator supports the assessment of control as defined in <xref href="IFRS15_33.dita#IFRS15_33" id="IFRS15_X2119" base="F52062292" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 33 of IFRS 15</xref>. This should help entities apply indicators that are similar to those in the previous revenue recognition Standards but within the context of the control principle in IFRS 15.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2713" base="F48708873" class="- topic/p ">removing the indicator relating to the form of the consideration. Although that indicator might sometimes be helpful in assessing whether an entity is an agent, the boards concluded that it would not be helpful in assessing whether an entity is a principal.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2714" base="F48708875" class="- topic/p ">removing the indicator relating to exposure to credit risk. The feedback on the Exposure Draft <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Clarifications to IFRS 15</ph></ph> highlighted that exposure to credit risk is generally not a helpful indicator when assessing whether an entity controls the specified good or service. Stakeholders observed that the credit risk indicator in the previous revenue guidance has been problematic from the perspective of entities trying to use exposure to credit risk to override stronger evidence of agency. The boards concluded that removing the credit risk indicator should reduce some of the complexity in the principal versus agent evaluation because the credit risk indicator will typically be less relevant, or not relevant, to the evaluation for contracts within the scope of IFRS 15.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2715" base="F48708877" class="- topic/p ">clarifying that the indicators are not an exhaustive list and merely support the assessment of control—they do not replace or override that assessment. The boards decided to explicitly state that one or more of the indicators might provide more persuasive evidence to support the assessment of control in different scenarios.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>