<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS15_BC464" base="F31840601" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC464</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC464" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS15_P2983" class="- topic/p ">Previous revenue recognition requirements typically determined the timing of revenue recognition depending on whether the asset transferred was a good or a service. Both IFRS and US GAAP required revenue to be recognised for goods when risks and rewards transferred and, for services, as the service was performed. However, both approaches presented challenges in determining when to recognise revenue and often resulted in accounting for economically similar transactions differently. For example, when determining when to recognise revenue for the transfer of a good, it was often difficult for an entity to judge whether a preponderance (or some other balance) of the risks and rewards had been transferred to the customer. In some contracts, there could be significant difficulty in interpreting whether the asset to be transferred was a good or a service, therefore, making it difficult to rationalise why for one asset, revenue should be recognised only when the asset was complete (ie a good), whereas for another asset, revenue should be recognised continuously as that asset is created (ie a service). Some of this difficulty was due to the vague and narrow definition of services in US GAAP and the lack of clear rationale (ie a Basis for Conclusions) in IFRS for why, in some cases, revenue should be recognised for a service over time. In some cases, entities that applied IFRS consulted the rationale in US GAAP for why revenue would be recognised over time for a service. That rationale explained that this was because the entity was transferring a service continuously. However, that rationale did not address many specific application questions in IFRS about determining whether specific items met the definition of a service. In response, the IASB developed an Interpretation to help clarify whether the construction of real estate would be accounted for as a good or a service (ie a performance obligation satisfied at a point in time or over time). However, many observed that the principle in that Interpretation was difficult to understand and apply.</p></body></paragraph>