<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS15_BC493" base="F31852548" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC493</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC493" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS15_P3031" class="- topic/p ">However, because of differences in their previous revenue recognition requirements, the boards noted that their rationale for the conclusion that IFRS 15 results in ‘an improvement to financial reporting’ was slightly different. The differences in their rationale are as follows:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS15_L0249" base="F31852550" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3032" base="F31852551" class="- topic/p ">Previous revenue recognition requirements in US GAAP were rules-based and provided specific requirements for particular transactions and industries. In addition, there were transactions that were not directly in the scope of specific guidance. Consequently, economically similar transactions were often accounted for differently. Overall, the robust and comprehensive framework in Topic 606 should improve comparability in the accounting for economically similar transactions and should result in accounting that better reflects the economics of those transactions.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3033" base="F31852553" class="- topic/p ">As described in paragraph BC460, the previous revenue recognition requirements in IFRS were limited. In particular, IFRS did not include general requirements related to many key issues in revenue recognition such as multiple-element arrangements and how to allocate consideration to those elements. In addition, the lack of a Basis for Conclusions in those previous revenue recognition requirements in IFRS created challenges in assessing how to apply the principles in those requirements. In combination, these factors contributed to diversity in practice across jurisdictions and industries. By providing a comprehensive framework and a Basis for Conclusions, IFRS 15 should be a significant improvement to the previous revenue recognition requirements. Consequently, IFRS 15 should eliminate that previous diversity in practice and thus improve financial reporting.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>