<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS15_BC510" base="F31852614" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC510</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC510" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS15_P3059" class="- topic/p ">The main changes from the proposals in the 2011 Exposure Draft are as follows:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS15_L0254" base="F31852616" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3060" base="F31852617" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 15 includes additional requirements related to identifying a contract with a customer. Specifically, IFRS 15 includes an additional criterion that must be met before an entity can apply the requirements in IFRS 15 to a contract. This criterion in <xref href="IFRS15_9.dita#IFRS15_9" id="IFRS15_X2316" base="F35620240" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 9(e) of IFRS 15</xref> requires an entity to conclude that it is probable that a customer will pay the consideration to which the entity will be entitled by assessing the customer’s ability and intention to pay. In addition, IFRS 15 provides guidance for accounting for contracts that do not meet the specified criteria and thus cannot apply IFRS 15.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3061" base="F31852619" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 15 clarifies the objective of the requirements for constraining estimates of variable consideration and provides a level of confidence of ‘highly probable’ for determining when to include those estimates in the transaction price. This represents a change from the 2011 Exposure Draft, which specified that an entity could only recognise revenue for estimates of variable consideration when an entity was ‘reasonably assured’ that it would be entitled to that amount.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3062" base="F31852621" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 15 provides additional guidance on the allocation of the transaction price to performance obligations:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS15_L0255" base="F31852673" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3063" base="F31852674" class="- topic/p ">the residual approach may be used for two or more goods or services with highly variable or uncertain stand-alone selling prices if at least one good or service has a stand-alone selling price that is not highly variable or uncertain; and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3064" base="F31852680" class="- topic/p ">allocation of a discount among performance obligations should be done before using the residual approach to estimate the stand-alone selling price for a good or service with a highly variable or uncertain stand-alone selling price.</p></li></ol></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3065" base="F31852623" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 15 carries forward from the 2011 Exposure Draft the principles related to identifying performance obligations in a contract and determining whether a performance obligation is satisfied over time. However, IFRS 15 clarifies those principles and provides additional guidance for entities in applying those principles.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3066" base="F31852626" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 15 provides additional guidance for determining when a customer obtains control of a licence, by distinguishing between licences that provide a right to access the entity’s intellectual property as it exists throughout the licence period and licences that provide a right to use the entity’s intellectual property as it exists at the point in time at which the licence is granted. This determination will affect whether the entity satisfies its performance obligation to transfer a licence at a point in time or over time. This represents a change from the 2011 Exposure Draft, which specified that all licences were transferred to the customer at the point in time at which the customer obtained control of the rights. IFRS 15 also clarifies that before determining when the licence transfers to the customer, an entity considers the promises in the contract and applies the requirements for identifying performance obligations.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3067" base="F31852667" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 15 does not include the requirements proposed in the 2011 Exposure Draft to test a performance obligation to determine whether it is onerous.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3068" base="F31852669" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 15 clarifies the disclosures required for revenue from contracts with customers. Specifically, it requires an entity to provide a combination of qualitative and quantitative information about contract balances. The 2011 Exposure Draft required this disclosure to be provided as a reconciliation of contract balances.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(h)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P3069" base="F31852671" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 15 provides entities with an additional transition method that does not require a restatement of prior periods. The 2011 Exposure Draft proposed only one transition method (ie a retrospective transition method with practical expedients) that requires a restatement of all previous periods presented.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>