<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e45864" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IFRS15_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5195" class="- topic/p ">Prabhakar Kalavacherla was a member of the IASB when it voted in November 2013 to begin the balloting process for IFRS 15. However, IFRS 15 was finalised and ready for approval by members of the IASB only after Mr Kalavacherla had retired from the IASB at the completion of his term on 31 December 2013.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0002" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5196" class="- topic/p ">In these examples monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units’ (CU).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0003" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5197" class="- topic/p ">Revenue recognised is calculated as (20 per cent × CU3,500,000) + CU1,500,000. (CU3,500,000 is CU5,000,000 transaction price – CU1,500,000 costs of elevators.)</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0004" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5198" class="- topic/p ">Cost of goods sold is CU500,000 of costs incurred + CU1,500,000 costs of elevators.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0005" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5199" class="- topic/p ">This example does not consider expected costs to recover the asset.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0006" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5200" class="- topic/p ">The receivable recognised would be measured in accordance with IFRS 9. This example assumes there is no material difference between the fair value of the receivable at contract inception and the fair value of the receivable when it is recognised at the time the right of return lapses. In addition, this example does not consider the impairment accounting for the receivable.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0007" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5201" class="- topic/p ">CU494 = CU4,000 contract liability × (6 per cent interest per year for two years).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0008" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5202" class="- topic/p ">CU150 per product × 100 products.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0009" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5203" class="- topic/p ">CU125 transaction price per product × 100 products.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0010" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5204" class="- topic/p ">CU4,800 = CU400 × 12 months.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0011" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5205" class="- topic/p ">CU2,400 = CU400 × 6 months.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0012" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5206" class="- topic/p ">Transaction price = CU3,150 (CU100 × 24 months + CU750 variable consideration) recognised evenly over 24 months at CU1,575 per year.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0013" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5207" class="- topic/p ">CU1,575 ÷ 2 = CU788 (ie for 6 months of the year).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0014" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5208" class="- topic/p ">Unless indicated otherwise, all references to IFRS 15 in this Basis for Conclusions can be read as also referring to Topic 606.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0015" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5209" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>, issued in 2010 and in effect when the Standard was developed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0016" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5210" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>, issued in May 2017, permits an entity to choose whether to apply IFRS 17 or IFRS 15 to fixed-fee service contracts that meet the definition of an insurance contract. The Board’s considerations for permitting this choice are set out in paragraphs BC95–BC97 of the Basis for Conclusions on IFRS 17.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0017" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5211" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>, issued in May 2017, replaced IFRS 4.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0018" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5212" class="- topic/p ">The FASB subsequently decided to amend Topic 606 to state that an entity is not required to assess whether promised goods or services are performance obligations if they are immaterial within the context of the contract with the customer. The IASB’s considerations for deciding not to make similar amendments to IFRS 15 are explained in paragraphs BC116A–BC116E.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0019" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5213" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Clarifications to IFRS 15</ph></ph> issued in April 2016 amended paragraphs 27 and 29 of IFRS 15 to clarify that the objective of assessing whether an entity’s promises to transfer goods or services to the customer are separately identifiable is to determine whether the entity’s promise is to transfer (a) each of those goods or services; or (b) a combined item or items to which the promised goods or services are inputs. Amendments were also made to the factors in paragraph 29 to more clearly align them with the revised ‘separately identifiable’ principle. Paragraphs BC102–BC112 should therefore be read together with paragraphs BC116F–BC116Q, which explain the boards’ considerations in making these amendments.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0020" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5214" class="- topic/p ">Monetary items in the Basis for Conclusions are denominated as ‘currency units’ (CU).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0021" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5215" class="- topic/p ">The Board completed its insurance project with the issuance of IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>. IFRS 17, issued in May 2017, replaced IFRS 4.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0022" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5216" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Clarifications to IFRS 15</ph></ph> issued in April 2016 amended the application guidance in paragraphs B34–B38 and, as a consequence, amended paragraph BC383. The objective of amending the application guidance in paragraphs B34–B38 is to (a) provide a better framework to be applied when assessing whether an entity is a principal or an agent; (b) clarify the application of the control principle to intangible goods and services; and (c) clarify the role of the indicators in paragraph B37 when applying the control principle. Paragraphs BC379–BC385 should therefore be read together with paragraphs BC385A–BC385Z, which explain the boards’ considerations for amending the application guidance.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0023" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5217" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Clarifications to IFRS 15</ph></ph> issued in April 2016 deleted paragraph B57 and added paragraph B59A of IFRS 15 to clarify the application guidance on determining the nature of the entity’s promise in granting a licence of intellectual property. Paragraphs BC402–BC414 should therefore be read together with paragraphs BC414A–BC414Y, which explain the IASB’s considerations in amending the application guidance.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0024" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5218" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Clarifications to IFRS 15</ph></ph> issued in April 2016 added paragraphs B63A–B63B of IFRS 15 to clarify when an entity should recognise revenue for a sales-based or usage-based royalty using the requirement in paragraph B63 of IFRS 15. Paragraphs BC415–BC421 should therefore be read together with paragraphs BC421A–BC421J, which explain the boards’ considerations in amending the application guidance.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0025" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5219" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Clarifications to IFRS 15</ph></ph> issued in April 2016 amended paragraph C5 of IFRS 15 to add a further practical expedient to permit an entity not to restate contracts that are completed contracts at the beginning of the earliest period presented. This practical expedient, if applied, would further reduce the number of contracts that require restatement. The IASB’s considerations in adding the practical expedient are explained in paragraphs BC445M–BC445N.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0026" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5220" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Clarifications to IFRS 15</ph></ph> issued in April 2016 amended paragraph C5 and added paragraph C7A to add a further practical expedient to simplify how an entity restates contracts with customers that are modified before transition to IFRS 15. The boards’ considerations in adding the practical expedient are explained in paragraphs BC445O–BC445R.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0027" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5221" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Clarifications to IFRS 15</ph></ph> issued in April 2016 amended paragraph C7 of IFRS 15 to permit an entity using the transition method described in paragraph C3(b) to apply IFRS 15 (a) only to contracts that are not completed contracts at the date of initial application (as originally required in paragraph C7 when IFRS 15 was issued); or (b) to all contracts including completed contracts at the date of initial application. The boards’ considerations in amending paragraph C7 are explained in paragraphs BC445J–BC445L.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0028" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5222" class="- topic/p ">The FASB subsequently decided to amend the definition of a completed contract as a contract for which all or substantially all of the revenue was recognised in accordance with the revenue guidance that was in effect before the date of initial application of Topic 606. The IASB’s considerations for deciding not to amend the definition, together with an overview of the FASB’s considerations for amending the definition, are explained in paragraphs BC445C–BC445I.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0029" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5223" class="- topic/p ">The boards subsequently deferred the effective date of IFRS 15 and Topic 606 by one year. See paragraphs BC453A–BC453H.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0030" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5224" class="- topic/p ">The FASB subsequently amended Topic 606 to allow all entities to apply the Standard early for annual periods beginning after 15 December 2016. See paragraph BC453H.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0031" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5225" class="- topic/p ">As indicated in footnote 1, unless indicated otherwise, all references to IFRS 15 in this Basis for Conclusions can be read as also referring to Topic 606 in the FASB’s Accounting Standards Codification.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0032" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5226" class="- topic/p ">This Appendix reflects the differences between IFRS 15 and Topic 606 when those standards were issued in May 2014 updated to reflect the issue of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Clarifications to IFRS 15</ph></ph> in April 2016.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0033" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5227" class="- topic/p ">The FASB subsequently amended Topic 606 in August 2015 to allow all entities to apply the standard early for annual periods beginning after 15 December 2016. See paragraph BC453H.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS15_FN0034" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS15_P5228" class="- topic/p ">The IASB issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Effective Date of IFRS 15</ph></ph> in September 2015 deferring the effective date of IFRS 15 by one year. Similarly, the FASB amended Topic 606 in August 2015 deferring the effective date of Topic 606 by one year. See paragraphs BC453A–BC453H.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>