<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS15_BC380" base="F31840226" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC380</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC380" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS15_P2687" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 15 also requires an entity to determine whether it is a principal or an agent. This is because the performance obligations of principals and agents are different. A principal controls the goods or services before they are transferred to a customer. Consequently, the principal’s performance obligation is to transfer those goods or services to the customer. Therefore, recognising revenue at the gross amount of the customer consideration faithfully depicts the consideration to which the entity is entitled for the transfer of the goods and services. In contrast, an agent does not control the goods or services before they are transferred to a customer. The agent merely facilitates the sale of goods or services between a principal and the customer. Consequently, an agent’s performance obligation is to arrange for another party to provide the goods or services to the customer. Therefore, the transaction price attributable to an agent’s performance obligation is the fee or commission that the agent receives for providing those services.</p></body></paragraph>