<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_APPD" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title id="IFRS16_APPD_TI" base="F45931951" class="- topic/title ">Appendix D Amendments to other Standards</title><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P0680" base="SL45932070" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">This appendix sets out the amendments to other Standards that are a consequence of the IASB issuing this Standard. An entity shall apply the amendments for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019. If an entity applies this Standard for an earlier period, it shall also apply these amendments for that earlier period.</i></p><p id="IFRS16_P0681" base="SL45932072" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">An entity is not permitted to apply IFRS 16 before applying IFRS 15</i> Revenue from Contracts with Customers <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(see paragraph C1).</i></p><p id="IFRS16_P0682" base="SL45932074" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Consequently, for Standards that were effective on 1 January 2016, the amendments in this appendix are presented based on the text of those Standards that was effective on 1 January 2016, as amended by IFRS 15. The text of those Standards in this appendix does not include any other amendments that were not effective at 1 January 2016.</i></p><p id="IFRS16_P0683" base="SL45932076" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">For Standards that were not effective on 1 January 2016, the amendments in this appendix are presented based on the text of the initial publication of that Standard, as amended by IFRS 15. The text of those Standards in this appendix does not include any other amendments that were not effective at 1 January 2016.</i></p><table outputclass="ruled" id="IFRS16_TAB0001" base="SL46911552" frame="none" orient="port" pgwide="1" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="center" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS16_P0684" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p ">* * * * *</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><p id="IFRS16_P0685" base="F46911532" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The amendments contained in this appendix when this Standard was issued in 2016 have been incorporated into the text of the relevant Standards included in this volume.</i></p></body></topic>