<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_B48" base="F45930492" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B48</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B48" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P0558" class="- topic/p ">In determining whether additional information about leasing activities is necessary to meet the disclosure objective in <xref href="IFRS16_g51-60.dita#IFRS16_g51_60/IFRS16_g51_60_TI" id="IFRS16_X0450" base="F47961279" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 51</xref>, a lessee shall consider:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS16_L0056" base="F45930494" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0559" base="F45930495" class="- topic/p ">whether that information is relevant to users of financial statements. A lessee shall provide additional information specified in <xref href="IFRS16_59.dita#IFRS16_59" id="IFRS16_X0451" base="F47961280" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 59</xref> only if that information is expected to be relevant to users of financial statements. In this context, this is likely to be the case if it helps those users to understand:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS16_L0057" base="F45930599" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0560" base="F45930600" class="- topic/p ">the flexibility provided by leases. Leases may provide flexibility if, for example, a lessee can reduce its exposure by exercising termination options or renewing leases with favourable terms and conditions.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0561" base="F45930602" class="- topic/p ">restrictions imposed by leases. Leases may impose restrictions, for example, by requiring the lessee to maintain particular financial ratios.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0562" base="F45930604" class="- topic/p ">sensitivity of reported information to key variables. Reported information may be sensitive to, for example, future variable lease payments.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iv)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0563" base="F45930606" class="- topic/p ">exposure to other risks arising from leases.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(v)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0564" base="F45930608" class="- topic/p ">deviations from industry practice. Such deviations may include, for example, unusual or unique lease terms and conditions that affect a lessee’s lease portfolio.</p></li></ol></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0565" base="F45930630" class="- topic/p ">whether that information is apparent from information either presented in the primary financial statements or disclosed in the notes. A lessee need not duplicate information that is already presented elsewhere in the financial statements.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>