<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_PRE" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph "/>  <ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph "/></ph></title><body class="- topic/body "><p base="F46425322" id="IFRS16_P0001" class="- topic/p ">In April 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board (Board) adopted IAS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Leases</ph></ph>, which had originally been issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee (IASC) in December 1997. IAS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Leases</ph></ph> replaced IAS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting for Leases</ph></ph> that was issued in September 1982.</p><p base="F47343325" id="IFRS16_P0002" class="- topic/p ">In April 2001 the Board adopted <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑15</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Operating Leases—Incentives</ph></ph>, which had originally been issued by the Standing Interpretations Committee of the IASC in December 1998.</p><p base="F47343327" id="IFRS16_P0003" class="- topic/p ">In December 2001 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑27</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Evaluating the Substance of Transactions Involving the Legal Form of a Lease</ph></ph>. SIC‑27 had originally been developed by the Standing Interpretations Committee of the IASC to provide guidance on determining, amongst other things, whether an arrangement that involves the legal form of a lease meets the definition of a lease under IAS 17.</p><p base="F47343329" id="IFRS16_P0004" class="- topic/p ">In December 2003 the Board issued a revised IAS 17 as part of its initial agenda of technical projects.</p><p base="F47343330" id="IFRS16_P0005" class="- topic/p ">In December 2004 the Board issued IFRIC 4 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease</ph></ph>. The Interpretation was developed by the Interpretations Committee to provide guidance on determining whether transactions that do not take the legal form of a lease but convey the right to use an asset in return for a payment or series of payments are, or contain, leases that should be accounted for in accordance with IAS 17.</p><p base="F47343333" id="IFRS16_P0006" class="- topic/p ">In January 2016 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Leases</ph></ph>. IFRS 16 replaces IAS 17, IFRIC 4, SIC‑15 and SIC‑27. IFRS 16 sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases.</p><bodydiv base="IFRS2020-2" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p class="- topic/p ">In May 2020 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions</ph></ph>, which amended IFRS 16. The amendment permits lessees, as a practical expedient, not to assess whether rent concessions that occur as a direct consequence of the covid-19 pandemic and meet specified conditions are lease modifications. Instead, the lessee accounts for those rent concessions as if they were not lease modifications.</p>     </bodydiv><bodydiv id="IFRS2020_5" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In August 2020 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Interest Rate Benchmark Reform―Phase 2</ph></ph> which amended requirements in IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 relating to:</p>       <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">	changes in the basis for determining contractual cash flows of financial assets, financial liabilities and lease liabilities;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">	hedge accounting; and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p ">disclosures.</p></li></ul>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Phase 2 amendments apply only to changes required by the interest rate benchmark reform to financial instruments and hedging relationships.</p></bodydiv><bodydiv base="IFRS2021-1" class="- topic/bodydiv "><p class="- topic/p ">In March 2021 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021</ph></ph>, which extended by one year the application period of the practical expedient in paragraph 46A to help lessees accounting for covid-19-related rent concessions.</p></bodydiv><variants id="IFRS16_P0007" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">       <p base="F75035442" id="IFRS16_P0007_V1" class="- topic/p ">Other Standards have made minor consequential amendments to IFRS 16, including <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</ph></ph> (issued March 2018).</p>     </variants></body></topic>