<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS38_BCZ39" base="SL32542"><paranum>BCZ39</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 38"/><data name="paranum" value="BCZ39"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS38_P0507">Those who support the mandatory recognition of internally generated intangible assets (including those resulting from development expenditure) whenever certain criteria are met argue that: </p><ol id="IAS38_L0063" base="SL142256" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0508" base="SL142258">recognition of an internally generated intangible asset if it meets the definition of an asset and the recognition criteria is consistent with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>. An enterprise can, in some instances:</p> <ol id="IAS38_L0064" base="SL142259" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0509" base="SL142261">determine the probability of receiving future economic benefits from an internally generated intangible asset; and</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0510" base="SL142263">distinguish the expenditure on this asset from expenditure on internally generated goodwill.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0511" base="SL142265">there has been massive investment in intangible assets in the last two decades. There have been complaints that:</p> <ol id="IAS38_L0065" base="SL142266" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0512" base="SL142268">the non&#x2011;recognition of investments in intangible assets in the financial statements distorts the measurement of an enterprise&#x2019;s performance and does not allow an accurate assessment of returns on investment in intangible assets; and</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0513" base="SL142270">if enterprises do not track the returns on investment in intangible assets better, there is a risk of over- or under&#x2011;investing in important assets. An accounting system that encourages such behaviour will become an increasingly inadequate signal, both for internal control purposes and for external purposes.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0514" base="SL142272">certain research studies, particularly in the United States, have established a cost&#x2011;value association for research and development expenditures. The studies establish that capitalisation of research and development expenditure yields value&#x2011;relevant information to investors.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0515" base="SL142274">the fact that some uncertainties exist about the value of an asset does not justify a requirement that no cost should be recognised for the asset.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0516" base="SL142276">it should not matter for recognition purposes whether an asset is purchased externally or developed internally. Particularly, there should be no opportunity for accounting arbitrage depending on whether an enterprise decides to outsource the development of an intangible asset or develop it internally.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>