<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS38_BCZ38" base="SL32541"><paranum>BCZ38</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 38"/><data name="paranum" value="BCZ38"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS38_P0496">Those who favour the recognition of expenditure on all internally generated intangible assets (including development expenditure) as an expense argue that: </p><ol id="IAS38_L0060" base="SL142232" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0497" base="SL142234">internally generated intangible assets do not meet the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#x2019;s requirements for recognition as an asset because:</p> <ol id="IAS38_L0061" base="SL142235" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0498" base="SL142237">the future economic benefits that arise from internally generated intangible assets cannot be distinguished from future economic benefits that arise from internally generated goodwill; and/or</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0499" base="SL142239">it is impossible to distinguish reliably the expenditure associated with internally generated intangible assets from the expenditure associated with enhancing internally generated goodwill.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0500" base="SL142241">comparability of financial statements will not be achieved. This is because the judgement involved in determining whether it is probable that future economic benefits will flow from internally generated intangible assets is too subjective to result in similar accounting under similar circumstances.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0501" base="SL142243">it is not possible to assess reliably the amount that can be recovered from an internally generated intangible asset, unless its fair value can be determined by reference to an active market.<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS38_FN0013" type="fn"/> Therefore, recognising an internally generated intangible asset for which no active market exists at an amount other than zero may mislead investors.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0502" base="SL142245">a requirement to recognise internally generated intangible assets at cost if certain criteria are met results in little, if any, decision&#x2011;useful or predictive information because:</p> <ol id="IAS38_L0062" base="SL142246" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0503" base="SL142248">demonstration of technological feasibility or commercial success in order to meet the recognition criteria will generally not be achieved until substantial expenditure has been recognised as an expense. Therefore, the cost recognised for an internally generated intangible asset will not reflect the total expenditure on that asset.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0504" base="SL142250">the cost of an internally generated intangible asset may not have any relationship to the value of the asset.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0505" base="SL142252">in some countries, users are suspicious about an enterprise that recognises internally generated intangible assets.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0506" base="SL142254">the added costs of maintaining the records necessary to justify and support the recognition of internally generated intangible assets do not justify the benefits.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>