<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS07_IG18" base="F95448" principles="no"><paranum>IG18</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 7"/><data name="paranum" value="IG18"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS07_P1443"><xref id="IFRS07_X1153" base="F15833794" href="IFRS07_34.dita#IFRS07_34">Paragraph 34</xref> requires disclosure of quantitative data about concentrations of risk. For example, concentrations of credit risk may arise from:</p><ol id="IFRS07_L0144" base="SL160788" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P1444" base="SL160790">industry sectors. Thus, if an entity&#x2019;s counterparties are concentrated in one or more industry sectors (such as retail or wholesale), it would disclose separately exposure to risks arising from each concentration of counterparties.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P1445" base="SL160792">credit rating or other measure of credit quality. Thus, if an entity&#x2019;s counterparties are concentrated in one or more credit qualities (such as secured loans or unsecured loans) or in one or more credit ratings (such as investment grade or speculative grade), it would disclose separately exposure to risks arising from each concentration of counterparties.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P1446" base="SL160794">geographical distribution. Thus, if an entity&#x2019;s counterparties are concentrated in one or more geographical markets (such as Asia or Europe), it would disclose separately exposure to risks arising from each concentration of counterparties.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P1447" base="SL160796">a limited number of individual counterparties or groups of closely related counterparties.</p></li></ol><p id="IFRS07_P1448" base="SL160797">Similar principles apply to identifying concentrations of other risks, including liquidity risk and market risk. For example, concentrations of liquidity risk may arise from the repayment terms of financial liabilities, sources of borrowing facilities or reliance on a particular market in which to realise liquid assets. Concentrations of foreign exchange risk may arise if an entity has a significant net open position in a single foreign currency, or aggregate net open positions in several currencies that tend to move together.</p></body></paragraph>