<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS38_8" base="SL32637" principles="yes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">8</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 38" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="8" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body outputclass="bold" class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS38_P0056" class="- topic/p ">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings specified: </p><p base="SL141702" id="IAS38_P0057" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Amortisation</i> is the systematic allocation of the depreciable amount of an intangible asset over its useful life.</p><variants id="IAS38_P0058" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">  <p base="SL75086688" id="IAS38_P0060_V3" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">An                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">asset</i> is a resource:</p></variants><variants id="IAS38_L0005" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">  <ol outputclass="static" base="SL75086691" id="IAS38_L0005_V4" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="SL75086693" id="IAS38_P0061" class="- topic/p ">controlled  by an entity as a result of past events; and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="SL75086699" id="IAS38_P0062" class="- topic/p ">from which future economic benefits  are expected to flow to the entity.<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS38_FN0001" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p></li></ol></variants><p base="SL141709" id="IAS38_P0063" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Carrying amount</i> is the amount at which an asset is recognised in the statement of financial position after deducting any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses thereon.</p><p base="SL141710" id="IAS38_P0064" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Cost</i> is the amount of cash or cash equivalents paid or the fair value of other consideration given to acquire an asset at the time of its acquisition or construction, or, when applicable, the amount attributed to that asset when initially recognised in accordance with the specific requirements of other IFRSs, eg <xref href="../ifrs02/IFRS02_TOC.dita#IFRS02_TOC0001" base="F16456278" id="IAS38_X0181" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 2 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Share‑based Payment</ph></ph></xref>.</p><p base="SL141711" id="IAS38_P0065" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Depreciable amount</i> is the cost of an asset, or other amount substituted for cost, less its residual value.</p><p base="SL141712" id="IAS38_P0066" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Development</i> is the application of research findings or other knowledge to a plan or design for the production of new or substantially improved materials, devices, products, processes, systems or services before the start of commercial production or use.</p><p base="SL141713" id="IAS38_P0067" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Entity‑specific value</i> is the present value of the cash flows an entity expects to arise from the continuing use of an asset and from its disposal at the end of its useful life or expects to incur when settling a liability.</p><p base="SL141714" id="IAS38_P0068" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair value</i> is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. (See <xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" base="F16456279" id="IAS38_X0182" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph></xref>.)</p><p base="SL141715" id="IAS38_P0069" class="- topic/p ">An <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">impairment loss</i> is the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount.</p><p base="SL141716" id="IAS38_P0070" class="- topic/p ">An <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">intangible asset</i> is an identifiable  non‑monetary asset  without physical substance.</p><p base="SL141717" id="IAS38_P0072" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Monetary assets</i> are money held and assets to be received in fixed or determinable amounts of money.</p><p base="SL141718" id="IAS38_P0073" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Research</i> is original and planned investigation undertaken with the prospect of gaining new scientific or technical knowledge and understanding.</p><p base="SL141719" id="IAS38_P0074" class="- topic/p ">The <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">residual value</i> of an intangible asset is the estimated amount that an entity would currently obtain from disposal of the asset, after deducting the estimated costs of disposal, if the asset were already of the age and in the condition expected at the end of its useful life.</p><p base="SL141720" id="IAS38_P0075" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Useful life</i> is:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL141721" id="IAS38_L0006" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="SL141723" id="IAS38_P0076" class="- topic/p ">the period over which an asset is expected to be available for use by an entity; or</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="SL141725" id="IAS38_P0077" class="- topic/p ">the number of production or similar units expected to be obtained from the asset by an entity.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>