<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS38_67" base="SL32696" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">67</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 38" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="67" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS38_P0200" class="- topic/p ">The following are not components of the cost of an internally generated intangible asset: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS38_L0024" base="SL141871" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0201" base="SL141873" class="- topic/p ">selling, administrative and other general overhead expenditure unless this expenditure can be directly attributed to preparing the asset for use;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0202" base="SL141875" class="- topic/p ">identified inefficiencies and initial operating losses incurred before the asset achieves planned performance; and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS38_P0203" base="SL141877" class="- topic/p ">expenditure on training staff to operate the asset.</p></li></ol><table outputclass="ruled" id="IAS38_TAB0001" base="SL75360" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> Example illustrating <xref href="IAS38_65.dita#IAS38_65" id="IAS38_X0263" base="SL197214" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 65</xref></entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS38_P0205" base="SL141878" class="- topic/p ">An entity is developing a new production process. During 20X5, expenditure incurred was CU1,000,<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS38_FN0005" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> of which CU900 was incurred before 1 December 20X5 and CU100 was incurred between 1 December 20X5 and 31 December 20X5. The entity is able to demonstrate that, at 1 December 20X5, the production process met the criteria for recognition as an intangible asset. The recoverable amount of the know‑how embodied in the process (including future cash outflows to complete the process before it is available for use) is estimated to be CU500.</p> <p id="IAS38_P0206" base="SL141879" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">At the end of 20X5, the production process is recognised as an intangible asset at a cost of CU100 (expenditure incurred since the date when the recognition criteria were met, ie 1 December 20X5). The CU900 expenditure incurred before 1 December 20X5 is recognised as an expense because the recognition criteria were not met until 1 December 20X5. This expenditure does not form part of the cost of the production process recognised in the statement of financial position.</i></p> <p id="IAS38_P0207" base="SL141880" class="- topic/p ">During 20X6, expenditure incurred is CU2,000. At the end of 20X6, the recoverable amount of the know‑how embodied in the process (including future cash outflows to complete the process before it is available for use) is estimated to be CU1,900.</p> <p id="IAS38_P0208" base="SL141881" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">At the end of 20X6, the cost of the production process is CU2,100 (CU100 expenditure recognised at the end of 20X5 plus CU2,000 expenditure recognised in 20X6). The entity recognises an impairment loss of CU200 to adjust the carrying amount of the process before impairment loss (CU2,100) to its recoverable amount (CU1,900). This impairment loss will be reversed in a subsequent period if the requirements for the reversal of an impairment loss in IAS 36 are met.</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>