<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS38_69" base="SL32698" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">69</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 38" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="69" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS38_P0213" class="- topic/p ">In some cases, expenditure is incurred to provide future economic benefits  to an entity, but no intangible asset or other asset is acquired or created that can be recognised. In the case of the supply of goods, the entity recognises such expenditure as an expense when it has a right to access those goods. In the case of the supply of services, the entity recognises the expenditure as an expense when it receives the services. For example,  expenditure on research is recognised as an expense when it is incurred (see <xref href="IAS38_54.dita#IAS38_54" base="SL197218" id="IAS38_X0269" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 54</xref>), except when it is acquired as part of a business combination. Other examples of expenditure that is recognised as an expense when it is incurred include: </p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL141888" id="IAS38_L0026" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="SL141890" id="IAS38_P0214" class="- topic/p ">expenditure on start‑up activities (ie start‑up costs), unless this expenditure is included in the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment in accordance with <xref href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" base="SL12116536" id="IAS38_X0270" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 16</xref>.  Start‑up costs may consist of establishment costs such as legal and secretarial costs incurred in establishing a legal entity, expenditure to open a new facility or business (ie pre‑opening costs) or expenditures for starting new operations or launching new products or processes (ie pre‑operating costs).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="SL141892" id="IAS38_P0215" class="- topic/p ">expenditure on training activities.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p base="SL141894" id="IAS38_P0216" class="- topic/p ">expenditure on advertising and promotional activities (including mail order catalogues).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p base="SL141896" id="IAS38_P0217" class="- topic/p ">expenditure on relocating or reorganising part or all of an entity.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>