<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e9071" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IAS38_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0703" class="- topic/p ">The definition of an asset in this Standard was not revised following the revision of the definition of an asset in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph> issued in 2018.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0005" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0707" class="- topic/p ">In this Standard, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0008" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0710" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value                  and contains the requirements for measuring fair value. </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0009" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0711" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> are to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0010" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0712" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was developed and revised.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0011" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0713" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value. </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0012" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0714" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a consequence paragraphs 40 and 41 of IAS 38 have been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0013" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0715" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines an active market.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0014" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0716" class="- topic/p ">now paragraph 4.38 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0015" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0717" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" base="F16146811" id="IAS38_X0640" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> (as revised in 2003) requires an entity to measure an item of property, plant and equipment acquired in exchange for a non‑monetary asset or assets, or a combination of monetary and non‑monetary assets, at fair value unless the exchange transaction lacks commercial substance. Previously, an entity measured such an acquired asset at fair value unless the exchanged assets were similar. The IASB concluded that the same measurement criteria should apply to intangible assets acquired in exchange for a non‑monetary asset or assets, or a combination of monetary and non‑monetary assets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0016" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0718" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines an active market.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0017" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0719" class="- topic/p ">This heading and paragraphs BC46A–BC46I were added by <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph> issued in May 2008.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0018" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0720" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines an active market.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0019" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0721" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines an active market.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0020" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0722" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0021" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0723" class="- topic/p ">This heading and paragraph BC72A were added by <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph> issued in May 2008.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0022" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0724" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines an active market.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0023" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0725" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines an active market.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0024" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0726" class="- topic/p ">The references to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> are to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS38_FN0025" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS38_P0727" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> in this Dissent are to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was revised.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>