<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_APP" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title base="F22253135" level="1" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_APP_TI" outputclass="no_rule" class="- topic/title ">Appendix—History and approval</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv base="DPH2020" class="- topic/bodydiv ">     <p base="F22253137" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0381" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">This appendix summarises the development of the IFRS Foundation <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Due Process Handbook</i>. Although the appendix accompanies the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Handbook</i>, it is not an integral part of the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Handbook</i> and may be updated from time to time.</b></p>     <p base="F22253141" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0382" class="- topic/p ">In establishing its consultative arrangements, the Board originally drew upon, and expanded the practices of, national standard-setters and other regulatory bodies. The Board sought to enhance its procedures in 2004 and proposed a series of steps to improve transparency. Those steps, after public consultation, were incorporated into practice.</p>     <p base="F22253142" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0383" class="- topic/p ">In <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">March 2006</b> the Trustees published the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Due Process Handbook</ph></ph> for the first time.</p>     <p base="F22253145" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0384" class="- topic/p ">In <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">October 2008</b> the Trustees added Appendix IV (Trustees’ oversight role).</p>     <p base="F22253147" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0385" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">July 2009</b> the following major changes were made to the IFRS Foundation <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Due Process Handbook</ph></ph>:</p>     <ul base="F22253151" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_L0022" class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253152" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0386" class="- topic/p ">the group tasked with regularly reviewing Board procedures changed from the Trustees’ Procedures Committee to the Trustees’ Due Process Oversight Committee;</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253154" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0387" class="- topic/p ">the sections describing project summaries and feedback statements were added;</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253156" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0388" class="- topic/p ">the cost/benefit analysis section was renamed ‘Impact analysis’; and</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253158" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0389" class="- topic/p ">a section describing post-implementation reviews was added and combined with segments of the previous section that referenced the initiation of studies post-publication.</p>       </li></ul>     <p base="F22253159" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0390" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">December 2010</b>, as a consequence of the Trustees’ second five-yearly review of the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Constitution</i>, the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Handbook</i> was amended to:</p>     <ul base="F22253162" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_L0023" class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253163" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0391" class="- topic/p ">reflect the change of the name of the IASC Foundation to the IFRS Foundation.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253165" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0392" class="- topic/p ">reflect the change of the name of the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) to the IFRS Interpretations Committee (Interpretations Committee).</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253167" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0393" class="- topic/p ">reflect the change of the name of the Standards Advisory Council (SAC) to the IFRS Advisory Council.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253169" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0394" class="- topic/p ">include the objective of the IFRS Foundation. These changes were approved in December 2010.</p>       </li></ul>     <p base="F22253170" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0395" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">February 2011</b> the Trustees:</p>     <ul base="F22253173" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_L0024" class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253174" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0396" class="- topic/p ">introduced a three-yearly public review of the Board’s technical work programme, in response to comments received during the second Constitution Review of the IFRS Foundation; and</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253176" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0397" class="- topic/p ">added enhanced criteria for deciding whether a matter could be exposed as part of the annual improvements process.</p>       </li></ul>     <p base="F22253177" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0398" class="- topic/p ">In <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">May 2012</b> the DPOC oversaw a major re-write of the due process handbooks of the Board and Interpretations Committee to:</p>     <ul base="F22253180" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_L0025" class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253181" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0399" class="- topic/p ">combine the separate Board and Interpretations Committee handbooks into one document. This reflected the recommendation by the Trustees, after their review of the Interpretations Committee, that the Board and its Interpretations Committee should work more closely together. In addition, the new <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Handbook</i> incorporated the due process protocol developed by the DPOC. The DPOC also took the opportunity to redraft existing requirements in a more principled way and using plain English.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253183" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0400" class="- topic/p ">describe the three-yearly public review of the Board work programme. The <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Handbook</i> clarified that the focus of the review was strategic and was not designed to add individual projects to the Board’s work programme. Instead, the focus was on seeking formal, public input on the strategic direction and balance of the Board’s work programme.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253185" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0401" class="- topic/p ">reflect the enhancements of the DPOC’s role. The DPOC’s responsibilities in overseeing the due process of the Board and the Interpretations Committee were outlined. This section also described the protocols for the action that the Trustees could take in the event of a perceived breach of due process.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253187" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0402" class="- topic/p ">no longer refer to the liaison roles that the Board had with individual standard-setters when the Board was first set up. The section became broader and anticipated the likely steps that the Board would take to develop a more formal network of standard-setters and others.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253189" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0403" class="- topic/p ">include a more extensive discussion of the process of assessing the likely effects of a Standard. More importantly, the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Handbook</i> reflected the fact that the Board had begun the process of embedding this assessment throughout the development of a Standard rather than simply having an assessment document at the end of the process.</p>       </li></ul>     <p base="F22253190" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0404" class="- topic/p ">The other more substantive changes were:</p>     <ul base="F22253192" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_L0026" class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253193" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0405" class="- topic/p ">the description of a research programme, which would become the development base from which potential standards-level projects would be identified. The use of a discussion paper as the first external due process document was moved into this research programme and would precede a proposal to add a major standards-level project to the Board work programme. Previously, a discussion paper was required as a step after a project had been added to the standards-level programme.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253195" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0406" class="- topic/p ">the addition of a new section that described the oversight of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> as a standing activity of the Board.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253198" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0407" class="- topic/p ">the addition of a new section on maintenance, which formalised the practice that the Board and Interpretations Committee had been following for addressing matters that were narrow in scope. It clarified that the more formal project proposal processes, such as prior consultation with the Advisory Council, were always intended to apply to new Standards and major amendments. The Board was given the discretion to initiate changes that were narrow in scope as part of the general maintenance of Standards. The new section also explained how the activities of the Board and its Interpretations Committee were closely related.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253200" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0408" class="- topic/p ">the expansion of the sections that explained post-implementation reviews—these described in more detail how the Board expected to develop each review. This section included an explanation of the related public consultation.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253202" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0409" class="- topic/p ">the increase in the minimum comment period for exposing the draft of a rejection of a request for an Interpretation from 30 days to 60 days. This change responded to concerns that the Interpretations Committee was not receiving sufficient feedback on draft rejection notices.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253204" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0410" class="- topic/p ">the reduction in comment period for documents that the Board planned to re-expose. Some re-exposure documents were intended to focus on a narrow aspect of an exposure draft, rather than being a fundamentally different document. A minimum 120-day comment period may not have been necessary in some cases and may had led to an undue delay in the publication of a final Standard. A minimum comment period of 60 days would be permitted.</p>       </li></ul>     <p base="F22253205" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0411" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The redrafted <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Handbook</i> was also updated to reflect actual practice and includes expanded discussions of some matters that seem not to be well understood:</p>     <ul base="F22253207" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_L0027" class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253208" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0412" class="- topic/p ">references to observer notes were replaced by a simple principle that all Board papers were made available for observers. A clearer basis for withholding material and an example of such an instance was provided.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253210" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0413" class="- topic/p ">the Board used a request for information document to seek feedback on many topics, for example, the three-yearly agenda consultation and a targeted request for input on the practical implications and approach to impairment. The <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Handbook</i> explained the purpose of this type of consultation and the process for issuing such a request.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253212" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0414" class="- topic/p ">the process for correcting typographical and other editorial errors was explained.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253214" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0415" class="- topic/p ">the nature of technical votes in meetings was explained, as well as how they related to the ballot process. The balloting process was also set out, including the role of review drafts in this process. This section replaced references to fatal flaw reviews, and provided an explanation of the scope of such reviews.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253216" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0416" class="- topic/p ">the nature and purpose of education sessions and small group sessions was explained, along with a description of the role of assigned Board members.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253218" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0417" class="- topic/p ">the purpose of staff papers was explained, including the relative responsibilities of Board members and staff.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253220" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0418" class="- topic/p ">the different types of consultative groups that the Board used, such as working groups and expert advisory panels, were explained. This section also clarified which types of meeting had to be held in public and which groups had their membership ratified by the DPOC.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253222" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0419" class="- topic/p ">the manner in which the Board uses fieldwork to support the development of Standards (which the current <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Handbook</i> refers to as ‘field testing’ and ‘field visits’) was explained. Fieldwork can include components of field tests and field visits, but may also include other methods of collecting information to assess the feasibility and cost of a potential Standard.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253224" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0420" class="- topic/p ">the fact that Board members could dissent from the ratification of an Interpretation. The dissent of a Board member, along with their reasons, is published in the approvals section of the Interpretation.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="F22253226" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0421" class="- topic/p ">the purpose of the annual improvements criteria was clarified as helping the Board to decide whether it would be appropriate to expose several unrelated proposals to amend Standards in a single document rather than separately.</p>       </li></ul>     <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_P0422_V2" class="- topic/p ">The draft <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Due Process Handbook</ph></ph> was issued for public comment for 120 days. A summary of the comments received, and how the IFRS Foundation responded to them in finalising the 2013 edition of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Due Process Handbook</ph></ph>, was set out in a feedback statement which could be accessed on the DPOC section of the IFRS Foundation website.</p>     <p class="- topic/p ">In <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">October 2015</b>, the DPOC considered and approved the issue of an invitation to comment on the IFRS Taxonomy due process (published in November 2015), which proposed an enhanced due process for the development and maintenance of the IFRS Taxonomy. The proposed changes entailed giving the Board a role in reviewing and approving the content of the IFRS Taxonomy.</p>     <p class="- topic/p ">In <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">May 2016</b>, the DPOC considered the feedback to the November 2015 invitation to comment and considered and approved the staff proposals for the final version of the IFRS Taxonomy due process as an annex to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Due Process Handbook</ph></ph>. As a consequence, the former XBRL Handbook was withdrawn. The DPOC also approved a number of consequential amendments to the main text of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Due Process Handbook</ph></ph>. A summary of the comments received, and how the IFRS Foundation responded to them in finalising the 2016 edition of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Due Process Handbook</ph></ph>, was set out in a feedback statement which could be accessed on the DPOC section of the IFRS Foundation website.</p>     <p class="- topic/p ">The DPOC also approved a further consequential amendment to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Due Process Handbook</ph></ph> to extend the interval between agenda consultations by the Board from three years to five years. This change had been proposed by the Board in Request for Views: <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">2015 Agenda Consultation</i>, issued for comment in August 2015.</p>     <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">November 2017</b> the DPOC commenced a review of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Handbook</ph></ph>. The objectives of the review were to update the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Handbook</ph></ph> in line with the Board’s and the Interpretations Committee’s developing due process conventions. The main changes were to:</p>     <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">         <p class="- topic/p ">reflect developments in the Board’s effects analysis process;</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p class="- topic/p ">clarify the role of agenda decisions;</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p class="- topic/p ">enhance the due process associated with Interpretation Committee agenda decisions by giving the Board a role in their finalisation;</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p class="- topic/p ">refine the consultation required before the Board adds major projects to its work plan;</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p class="- topic/p ">update the level of review required for educational material published by the IFRS Foundation; </p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p class="- topic/p ">clarify the DPOC’s oversight of the due process associated with IFRS Taxonomy content; and</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p class="- topic/p ">clarify the remit of the Advisory Council reflecting that it now advises the Board (and Trustees) on strategic matters.</p>       </li></ul>     <p class="- topic/p ">The DPOC published an exposure draft of proposed amendments to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Handbook</ph></ph> in April 2019.</p>     <p class="- topic/p ">In <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">June 2020</b> the DPOC approved the publication of the updated <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Handbook</ph></ph> reflecting the amendments. A summary of the comments received on the exposure draft, and how the DPOC responded to them, is set out in a feedback statement which can be accessed on the DPOC section of the IFRS Foundation website.</p>   </bodydiv></body></topic>