<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_taxonomyterms" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title indented="no" level="2" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_taxonomyterms_TI" class="- topic/title ">IFRS Taxonomy terms</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv base="DPH2020" class="- topic/bodydiv ">     <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_ifrstaxonomy" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">IFRS Taxonomy:</i> a structured classification system of IFRS disclosures. It encompasses the elements (including their descriptions, properties, relationships and the data model) that can be used to tag quantitative and qualitative information presented and disclosed in financial reports that are prepared in accordance with IFRS Standards (including <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">IFRS for SMEs</i> Standard).</p>     <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_ifrstaxonomycommonpractice" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">IFRS Taxonomy common practice content:</i> these are IFRS Taxonomy elements (including their descriptions, properties, relationships and data model) to reflect IFRS disclosures that are commonly disclosed in practice by entities when applying IFRS Standards. They are not referred to explicitly in the Standards or the accompanying materials to the Standards.</p>     <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_ifrstaxonomyfiles" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">IFRS Taxonomy files:</i> these are the files used to express and deliver the IFRS Taxonomy content employing a taxonomy delivery mechanism, such as the eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) syntax. They allow computers to automatically process the IFRS Taxonomy and to render its content using various software applications.</p>     <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_ifrstaxonomyupdate" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">IFRS Taxonomy update:</i> a document that describes in human-readable form the changes that are being made to the IFRS Taxonomy, why these changes are made and, when alternative options exist, the reasoning as to why a particular option is preferred.</p>     <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_proposedifrstaxonomyfiles" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Proposed IFRS Taxonomy files:</i> these are the files that are used to express and deliver proposed updates to both the content and the technology of the IFRS Taxonomy employing a taxonomy delivery mechanism, such as the eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) syntax. They allow computers to automatically process the IFRS Taxonomy and to render its content using various software applications.</p>     <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_proposedifrstaxonomyupdate" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Proposed IFRS Taxonomy update:</i> a document that exposes the changes to the technology or content of the IFRS Taxonomy for public comment. It describes in human-readable form the proposed changes, why these changes are made and, when alternative options exist, the reasoning as to why a particular option is preferred. It also includes the questions on which feedback is sought.</p>   </bodydiv></body></topic>