<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2_15" base="F22249644" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">2.15</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Foundation" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="2.15" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv base="DPH2020" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2_15_P0036" class="- topic/p ">The DPOC operates transparently and with fair         consideration of the matters raised by stakeholders. The DPOC:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" id="DPH2020_L0004" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2_15_P0037" class="- topic/p ">meets in public, ensuring that meeting papers and             recordings of the meeting are made available on the IFRS Foundation website.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2_15_P0038" class="- topic/p ">updates the Trustees on its activities at regularly             scheduled Trustee meetings and on an ad-hoc basis as required.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2_15_P0039" class="- topic/p ">on behalf of the Trustees, provides updates to the             Monitoring Board at regularly scheduled joint sessions with the Trustees and on an             ad-hoc basis as required.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2_15_P0040" class="- topic/p ">provides reports of its conclusions and discussions             on the IFRS Foundation website. The reports include details of all the matters             discussed, including compliance with due process on each of the technical activities.             Such reports should be provided promptly after the DPOC meetings.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2_15_P0041" class="- topic/p ">prepares an annual report of its activities for the             Trustees.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2_15_P0042" class="- topic/p ">ensures that its operating protocol, together with             this document and any other DPOC governance documents, are available on the IFRS             Foundation website.</p></li></ol>     </bodydiv></body></paragraph>