<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS02_IG5D" base="F9045150"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>IG5D</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;2"/><data name="paranum" value="IG5D"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS02_P0421"><xref id="IFRS02_X0452" base="F15999409" href="IFRS02_13A.dita#IFRS02_13A">Paragraph 13A</xref> of IFRS&#xa0;2 specifies how such transactions should be measured. The following example illustrates how the entity should apply the requirements of the IFRS to a transaction in which the entity cannot identify specifically some or all of the goods or services received.</p><table id="IFRS02_TAB0002" base="F9045151" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><thead><row><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left"> IG Example 1</entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="3"><entry colname="C1" align="left"> <p id="IFRS02_P0423" base="F9047565"><i>Share&#x2011;based payment transaction in which the entity cannot identify specifically some or all of the goods or services received</i></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="left"> <p id="IFRS02_P0424" typeface="sansserif"><b>Background</b></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="left"> <p id="IFRS02_P0425" base="F9047566">An entity granted shares with a total fair value of CU100,000<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS02_FN0023" type="fn"/> to parties other than employees who are from a particular section of the community (historically disadvantaged individuals), as a means of enhancing its image as a good corporate citizen. The economic benefits derived from enhancing its corporate image could take a variety of forms, such as increasing its customer base, attracting or retaining employees, or improving or maintaining its ability to tender successfully for business contracts.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="left"> <p id="IFRS02_P0426" base="F9047567">The entity cannot identify the specific consideration received. For example, no cash was received and no service conditions were imposed. Therefore, the identifiable consideration (nil) is less than the fair value of the equity instruments granted (CU100,000).</p></entry></row><row keep_together="2"><entry colname="C1" align="left"> <p id="IFRS02_P0427" typeface="sansserif"><b>Application of requirements</b></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="left"> <p id="IFRS02_P0428" base="F9047571">Although the entity cannot identify the specific goods or services received, the circumstances indicate that goods or services have been (or will be) received, and therefore IFRS&#xa0;2 applies.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="left"> <p id="IFRS02_P0429" base="F9047572">In this situation, because the entity cannot identify the specific goods or services received, the rebuttable presumption in <xref id="IFRS02_X0453" base="F15999410" href="IFRS02_13.dita#IFRS02_13">paragraph 13</xref> of IFRS&#xa0;2, that the fair value of the goods or services received can be estimated reliably, does not apply. The entity should instead measure the goods or services received by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments granted.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>