<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS10_5" base="SL29906" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">5</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 10" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="5" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS10_P0019" class="- topic/p ">In some cases, an entity is required to submit its financial statements to its shareholders for approval after the financial statements have been issued. In such cases, the financial statements are authorised for issue on the date of issue, not the date when shareholders approve the financial statements. </p><table outputclass="ruled" id="IAS10_TAB0001" base="SL15647652" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> Example</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS10_P0021" base="SL144457" class="- topic/p ">The management of an entity completes draft financial statements for the year to 31 December 20X1 on 28 February 20X2. On 18 March 20X2, the board of directors reviews the financial statements and authorises them for issue. The entity announces its profit and selected other financial information on 19 March 20X2. The financial statements are made available to shareholders and others on 1 April 20X2. The shareholders approve the financial statements at their annual meeting on 15 May 20X2 and the approved financial statements are then filed with a regulatory body on 17 May 20X2.</p> <p id="IAS10_P0022" base="SL144458" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The financial statements are authorised for issue on 18 March 20X2 (date of board authorisation for issue).</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>