<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS11_B8" base="F16125675" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B8</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 11" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B8" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS11_P0110" class="- topic/p ">In other circumstances, the contractual arrangement requires a minimum proportion of the voting rights to make decisions about the relevant activities. When that minimum required proportion of the voting rights can be achieved by more than one combination of the parties agreeing together, that arrangement is not a joint arrangement unless the contractual arrangement specifies which parties (or combination of parties) are required to agree unanimously to decisions about the relevant activities of the arrangement. </p><table outputclass="ruled" id="IFRS11_TAB0001" base="F16125676" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/entry ">               Application examples             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IFRS11_P0112" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 1</b></p>               <p id="IFRS11_P0113" base="F16125678" class="- topic/p ">Assume that three parties establish an arrangement: A has 50 per cent of the voting rights in the arrangement, B has 30 per cent and C has 20 per cent. The contractual arrangement between A, B and C specifies that at least 75 per cent of the voting rights are required to make decisions about the relevant activities of the arrangement. Even though A can block any decision, it does not control the arrangement because it needs the agreement of B. The terms of their contractual arrangement requiring at least 75 per cent of the voting rights to make decisions about the relevant activities imply that A and B have joint control of the arrangement because decisions about the relevant activities of the arrangement cannot be made without both A and B agreeing.                                </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IFRS11_P0114" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 2</b></p>               <p id="IFRS11_P0115" base="F16125680" class="- topic/p ">Assume an arrangement has three parties: A has 50 per cent of the voting rights in the arrangement and B and C each have 25 per cent. The contractual arrangement between A, B and C specifies that at least 75 per cent of the voting rights are required to make decisions about the relevant activities of the arrangement. Even though A can block any decision, it does not control the arrangement because it needs the agreement of either B or C. In this example, A, B and C collectively control the arrangement. However, there is more than one combination of parties that can agree to reach 75 per cent of the voting rights (ie either A and B or A and C). In such a situation, to be a joint arrangement the contractual arrangement between the parties would need to specify which combination of the parties is required to agree unanimously to decisions about the relevant activities of the arrangement.                                </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IFRS11_P0116" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 3</b></p>               <p id="IFRS11_P0117" base="F16125682" class="- topic/p ">Assume an arrangement in which A and B each have 35 per cent of the voting rights in the arrangement with the remaining 30 per cent being widely dispersed. Decisions about the relevant activities require approval by a majority of the voting rights. A and B have joint control of the arrangement only if the contractual arrangement specifies that decisions about the relevant activities of the arrangement require both A and B agreeing.                </p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>