<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS11_B32" base="F16125797" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B32</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 11" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B32" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS11_P0181" class="- topic/p ">The effect of an arrangement with such a design and purpose is that the liabilities incurred by the arrangement are, in substance, satisfied by the cash flows received from the parties through their purchases of the output. When the parties are substantially the only source of cash flows contributing to the continuity of the operations of the arrangement, this indicates that the parties have an obligation for the liabilities relating to the arrangement.</p><table outputclass="ruled" id="IFRS11_TAB0004" base="F16125798" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> Application example</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0183" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 5</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0184" base="F16125824" class="- topic/p ">Assume that two parties structure a joint arrangement in an incorporated entity (entity C) in which each party has a 50 per cent ownership interest. The purpose of the arrangement is to manufacture materials required by the parties for their own, individual manufacturing processes. The arrangement ensures that the parties operate the facility that produces the materials to the quantity and quality specifications of the parties.</p> <p id="IFRS11_P0185" base="F16125825" class="- topic/p ">The legal form of entity C (an incorporated entity) through which the activities are conducted initially indicates that the assets and liabilities held in entity C are the assets and liabilities of entity C. The contractual arrangement between the parties does not specify that the parties have rights to the assets or obligations for the liabilities of entity C. Accordingly, the legal form of entity C and the terms of the contractual arrangement indicate that the arrangement is a joint venture. </p> <p id="IFRS11_P0186" base="F16125826" class="- topic/p ">However, the parties also consider the following aspects of the arrangement: </p> <ul id="IFRS11_L0010" base="F16125828" class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "> <p id="IFRS11_P0187" base="F16125829" class="- topic/p ">The parties agreed to purchase all the output produced by entity C in a ratio of 50:50. Entity C cannot sell any of the output to third parties, unless this is approved by the two parties to the arrangement. Because the purpose of the arrangement is to provide the parties with output they require, such sales to third parties are expected to be uncommon and not material.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "> <p id="IFRS11_P0188" base="F16125831" class="- topic/p ">The price of the output sold to the parties is set by both parties at a level that is designed to cover the costs of production and administrative expenses incurred by entity C. On the basis of this operating model, the arrangement is intended to operate at a break-even level.</p></li></ul></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0189" base="F16125832" class="- topic/p ">From the fact pattern above, the following facts and circumstances are relevant: </p> <ul id="IFRS11_L0011" base="F16125845" class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li "> <p id="IFRS11_P0190" base="F16125847" class="- topic/p ">The obligation of the parties to purchase all the output produced by entity C reflects the exclusive dependence of entity C upon the parties for the generation of cash flows and, thus, the parties have an obligation to fund the settlement of the liabilities of entity C.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "> <p id="IFRS11_P0191" base="F16125850" class="- topic/p ">The fact that the parties have rights to all the output produced by entity C means that the parties are consuming, and therefore have rights to, all the economic benefits of the assets of entity C.</p></li></ul> <p id="IFRS11_P0192" base="F16125851" class="- topic/p ">These facts and circumstances indicate that the arrangement is a joint operation.  The conclusion about the classification of the joint arrangement in these circumstances would not change if, instead of the parties using their share of the output themselves in a subsequent manufacturing process, the parties sold their share of the output to third parties.</p> <p id="IFRS11_P0193" base="F16125852" class="- topic/p ">If the parties changed the terms of the contractual arrangement so that the arrangement was able to sell output to third parties, this would result in entity C assuming demand, inventory and credit risks. In that scenario, such a change in the facts and circumstances would require reassessment of the classification of the joint arrangement.  Such facts and circumstances would indicate that the arrangement is a joint venture.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>