<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS11_B27" base="F16125742" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B27</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 11" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B27" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS11_P0153" class="- topic/p ">The following table compares common terms in contractual arrangements of parties to a joint operation and common terms in contractual arrangements of parties to a joint venture. The examples of the contractual terms provided in the following table are not exhaustive.</p><table outputclass="ruled" id="IFRS11_TAB0003" base="F16125743" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="3" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="30*" colsep="1" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="35*" colsep="1" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colnum="3" colname="C3" colwidth="35*" colsep="1" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C3" align="center" class="- topic/entry "> Assessing the terms of the contractual arrangement </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> </entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> Joint operation </entry><entry colname="C3" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> Joint venture</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0158" base="F16125749" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">The terms of the contractual arrangement</b></p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0159" base="F16125753" class="- topic/p ">The contractual arrangement provides the parties to the joint arrangement with rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement.</p></entry><entry colname="C3" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0160" base="F16125754" class="- topic/p ">The contractual arrangement provides the parties to the joint arrangement with rights to the net assets of the arrangement (ie it is the separate vehicle, not the parties, that has rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement).</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0161" base="F16125751" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Rights to assets</b></p></entry><entry colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0162" base="F16125756" class="- topic/p ">The contractual arrangement establishes that the parties to the joint arrangement share all interests (eg rights, title or ownership) in the assets relating to the arrangement in a specified proportion (eg in proportion to the parties’ ownership interest in the arrangement or in proportion to the activity carried out through the arrangement that is directly attributed to them).</p></entry><entry colname="C3" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0163" base="F16125755" class="- topic/p ">The contractual arrangement establishes that the assets brought into the arrangement or subsequently acquired by the joint arrangement are the arrangement’s assets. The parties have no interests (ie no rights, title or ownership) in the assets of the arrangement.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" morerows="2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0164" base="F16125757" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Obligations for liabilities</b></p></entry><entry colname="C2" morerows="1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0165" base="F16125767" class="- topic/p ">The contractual arrangement establishes that the parties to the joint arrangement share all liabilities, obligations, costs and expenses in a specified proportion (eg in proportion to the parties’ ownership interest in the arrangement or in proportion to the activity carried out through the arrangement that is directly attributed to them).</p></entry><entry colname="C3" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0166" base="F16125772" class="- topic/p ">The contractual arrangement establishes that the joint arrangement is liable for the debts and obligations of the arrangement.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C3" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0167" base="F16125773" class="- topic/p ">The contractual arrangement establishes that the parties to the joint arrangement are liable to the arrangement only to the extent of their respective investments in the arrangement or to their respective obligations to contribute any unpaid or additional capital to the arrangement, or both.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0168" base="F16125769" class="- topic/p ">The contractual arrangement establishes that the parties to the joint arrangement are liable for claims raised by third parties.</p></entry><entry colname="C3" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0169" base="F16125774" class="- topic/p ">The contractual arrangement states that creditors of the joint arrangement do not have rights of recourse against any party with respect to debts or obligations of the arrangement.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0170" base="F16125763" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Revenues, expenses, profit or loss</b></p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0171" base="F16125770" class="- topic/p ">The contractual arrangement establishes the allocation of revenues and expenses on the basis of the relative performance of each party to the joint arrangement. For example, the contractual arrangement might establish that revenues and expenses are allocated on the basis of the capacity that each party uses in a plant operated jointly, which could differ from their ownership interest in the joint arrangement. In other instances, the parties might have agreed to share the profit or loss relating to the arrangement on the basis of a specified proportion such as the parties’ ownership interest in the arrangement. This would not prevent the arrangement from being a joint operation if the parties have rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement.</p></entry><entry colname="C3" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0172" base="F16125776" class="- topic/p ">The contractual arrangement establishes each party’s share in the profit or loss relating to the activities of the arrangement.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0173" base="F16125765" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Guarantees</b></p></entry><entry namest="C2" nameend="C3" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS11_P0174" base="F16125771" class="- topic/p ">The parties to joint arrangements are often required to provide guarantees to third parties that, for example, receive a service from, or provide financing to, the joint arrangement. The provision of such guarantees, or the commitment by the parties to provide them, does not, by itself, determine that the joint arrangement is a joint operation. The feature that determines whether the joint arrangement is a joint operation or a joint venture is whether the parties have obligations for the liabilities relating to the arrangement (for some of which the parties might or might not have provided a guarantee).</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>