<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS11_BC45B_a" base="F67394771"><paranum>BC45B</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 11"/><data name="paranum" value="BC45B"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS11_P0549">The principal approaches observed in practice were:</p><ol id="IFRS11_L0028" base="F67394772" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS11_P0550" base="F67394774"><b>IFRS 3 approach:</b> some preparers of IFRS financial statements, when accounting for the acquisition of interests in jointly controlled operations or jointly controlled assets in which the activity constitutes a business, applied IFRS 3 and the guidance on business combinations in other IFRSs. Identifiable assets and liabilities were measured, subject to the exceptions in IFRS 3, at fair value and the residual was recognised as goodwill. Furthermore, transaction costs were not capitalised and deferred taxes were recognised on initial recognition of assets and liabilities. Only guidance on business combinations in IFRS 3 and other IFRSs that was not appropriate for the acquisition of an interest in jointly controlled operations or jointly controlled assets was not applied, for example, the guidance on non-controlling interests.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS11_P0551" base="F67394777"><b>cost approach:</b> others allocated the total cost of acquiring the interest in the joint operation to the individual identifiable assets on the basis of their relative fair values. Accordingly, any premium paid was allocated to the identifiable assets rather than being recognised as goodwill. Transaction costs were capitalised and deferred taxes were not recognised, because of the initial recognition exceptions in paragraphs 15 and 24 of IAS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Income Taxes</ph></ph>.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS11_P0552" base="F67394781"><b>hybrid approach:</b> a third group of preparers of IFRS financial statements only applied the principles on business combinations accounting in IFRS 3 and other IFRSs to issues that were not addressed elsewhere in IFRS. Identifiable assets and liabilities were measured at fair value, with exceptions, and the residual was recognised as a separate asset, ie goodwill. Transaction costs, however, were capitalised and contingent liabilities and deferred taxes were not recognised because these issues were considered as being addressed elsewhere in IFRS. Deferred taxes were not recognised, because of the initial recognition exceptions in paragraphs 15 and 24 of IAS 12.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>