<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS17_B66" base="F55667335"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B66</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;17"/><data name="paranum" value="B66"/></prolog><body><bodydiv base="IFRS2020-3">     <p id="IFRS17_P0725" outputclass="keep_with_next">The following cash flows shall not be included when estimating the cash flows that will arise as the entity fulfils an existing insurance contract: </p>     <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS17_L0119" base="F55667337" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0726" base="F55667338">investment returns. Investments are recognised, measured and presented separately.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0727" base="F55667340">cash flows (payments or receipts) that arise under reinsurance contracts held. Reinsurance contracts held are recognised, measured and presented separately.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0728" base="F55667343">cash flows that may arise from future insurance contracts, ie cash flows outside the boundary of existing contracts (see <xref id="IFRS17_X0615" base="F59236303" href="IFRS17_34.dita#IFRS17_34">paragraphs&#xa0;34&#x2013;35</xref>).</p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0729" base="F55667345">cash flows relating to costs that cannot be directly attributed to the portfolio of insurance contracts that contain the contract, such as some product development and training costs. Such costs are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0730" base="F55667347">cash flows that arise from abnormal amounts of wasted labour or other resources that are used to fulfil the contract. Such costs are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0731" base="F55667349">income tax payments and receipts the insurer does not pay or receive in a fiduciary capacity or that are not specifically chargeable to the policyholder under the terms of the contract.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0732" base="F55667351">cash flows between different components of the reporting entity, such as policyholder funds and shareholder funds, if those cash flows do not change the amount that will be paid to the policyholders.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(h)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0733" base="F55667353">cash flows arising from components separated from the insurance contract and accounted for using other applicable Standards (see <xref id="IFRS17_X0617" base="F59236304" href="IFRS17_g10-13.dita#IFRS17_g10-13/IFRS17_g10-13_TI">paragraphs 10&#x2013;13</xref>).</p>       </li></ol></bodydiv></body></paragraph>