<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS17_B96" base="F55667498"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B96</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17"/><data name="paranum" value="B96"/></prolog><body><bodydiv base="IFRS2020-3">       <p id="IFRS17_P0831">For insurance contracts without direct participation features, <xref id="IFRS17_X0671" base="F59236451" href="IFRS17_44.dita#IFRS17_44">paragraph 44(c)</xref> requires an adjustment to the contractual service margin of a group of insurance contracts for changes in fulfilment cash flows that relate to future service. These changes comprise:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS17_L0134" base="F55667500" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0832" base="F55667501">experience adjustments arising from premiums received in the period that relate to future service, and related cash flows such as insurance acquisition cash flows and premium-based taxes, measured at the discount rates specified in <xref id="IFRS17_X0672" base="F59236452" href="IFRS17_gB72-B85.dita#IFRS17_gB72-B85/IFRS17_gB72-B85_TI">paragraph B72(c)</xref>.                        </p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0833" base="F55667503">changes in estimates of the present value of the future cash flows in the liability for remaining coverage, except those described in <xref id="IFRS17_X0674" base="F59236453" href="IFRS17_B97.dita#IFRS17_B97">paragraph B97(a)</xref>, measured at the discount rates specified in paragraph B72(c).                        </p>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0834" base="F55667505">differences between any investment component expected to become payable in the period and the actual investment component that becomes payable in the period. Those differences are determined by comparing (i) the actual investment component that becomes payable in the period with (ii) the payment in the period that was expected at the start of the period plus any insurance finance income or expenses related to that expected payment before it becomes payable.                        </p>         </li><li><li_value>(ca)</li_value>           <p>differences between any loan to a policyholder expected to become repayable in the period and the actual loan to a policyholder that becomes repayable in the period. Those differences are determined by comparing (i) the actual loan to a policyholder that becomes repayable in the period with (ii) the repayment in the period that was expected at the start of the period plus any insurance finance income or expenses related to that expected repayment before it becomes repayable.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0835" base="F55667507">changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk that relate to future service. An entity is not required to disaggregate the change in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk between (i) a change related to non-financial risk and (ii) the effect of the time value of money and changes in the time value of money. If an entity makes such a disaggregation, it shall adjust the contractual service margin for the change related to non-financial risk, measured at the discount rates specified in paragraph B72(c).                        </p>         </li></ol>            </bodydiv></body></paragraph>