<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS17_B54" base="F55667266"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B54</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;17"/><data name="paranum" value="B54"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS17_P0690">In estimating each cash flow scenario and its probability, an entity shall use all reasonable and supportable information available without undue cost or effort. An entity shall review the estimates that it made at the end of the previous reporting period and update them. In doing so, an entity shall consider whether: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS17_L0115" base="F55667268" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P0691" base="F55667269">the updated estimates faithfully represent the conditions at the end of the reporting period.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P0692" base="F55667271">the changes in estimates faithfully represent the changes in conditions during the period. For example, suppose that estimates were at one end of a reasonable range at the beginning of the period. If the conditions have not changed, shifting the estimates to the other end of the range at the end of the period would not faithfully represent what has happened during the period. If an entity&#x2019;s most recent estimates are different from its previous estimates, but conditions have not changed, it shall assess whether the new probabilities assigned to each scenario are justified. In updating its estimates of those probabilities, the entity shall consider both the evidence that supported its previous estimates and all newly available evidence, giving more weight to the more persuasive evidence.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>