<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS17_B20" base="F55667099"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B20</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;17"/><data name="paranum" value="B20"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS17_P0598">The additional amounts described in <xref id="IFRS17_X0550" base="F59236126" href="IFRS17_B18.dita#IFRS17_B18">paragraph&#xa0;B18</xref> are determined on a present-value basis. If an insurance contract requires payment when an event with uncertain timing occurs and if the payment is not adjusted for the time value of money, there may be scenarios in which the present value of the payment increases, even if its nominal value is fixed. An example is insurance that provides a fixed death benefit when the policyholder dies, with no expiry date for the cover (often referred to as whole-life insurance for a fixed amount). It is certain that the policyholder will die, but the date of death is uncertain. Payments may be made when an individual policyholder dies earlier than expected. Because those payments are not adjusted for the time value of money, significant insurance risk could exist even if there is no overall loss on the portfolio of contracts. Similarly, contractual terms that delay timely reimbursement to the policyholder can eliminate significant insurance risk. An entity shall use the discount rates required in <xref id="IFRS17_X0551" base="F60594395" href="IFRS17_36.dita#IFRS17_36">paragraph 36</xref> to determine the present value of the additional amounts.</p></body></paragraph>