<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS12_B9" base="F16130861" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B9</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 12"/><data name="paranum" value="B9"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS12_P0262">Some instruments are designed to transfer risk from a reporting entity to another entity. Such instruments create variability of returns for the other entity but do not typically expose the reporting entity to variability of returns from the performance of the other entity. For example, assume a structured entity is established to provide investment opportunities for investors who wish to have exposure to entity Z’s credit risk (entity Z is unrelated to any party involved in the arrangement). The structured entity obtains funding by issuing to those investors notes that are linked to entity Z’s credit risk (credit‑linked notes) and uses the proceeds to invest in a portfolio of risk‑free financial assets. The structured entity obtains exposure to entity Z’s credit risk by entering into a credit default swap (CDS) with a swap counterparty. The CDS passes entity Z’s credit risk to the structured entity in return for a fee paid by the swap counterparty. The investors in the structured entity receive a higher return that reflects both the structured entity’s return from its asset portfolio and the CDS fee. The swap counterparty does not have involvement with the structured entity that exposes it to variability of returns from the performance of the structured entity because the CDS transfers variability to the structured entity, rather than absorbing variability of returns of the structured entity.</p></body></paragraph>