<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IFRS12_APPA"><title base="F16130756" id="IFRS12_APPA_TI">Appendix A Defined terms</title><body><note type="note">       <p base="F16130773" id="IFRS12_P0198">This appendix is an integral part of the IFRS.</p>     </note><dl base="F16130762" id="IFRS12_D0001"><dlentry base="F16130757" id="IFRS12_DI0001"><dt base="F16130758" id="IFRS12_TE0001"><b>income from a structured entity</b></dt><dd>           <p base="F16130783" id="IFRS12_P0199">For the purpose of this IFRS, income from a <b>structured entity</b> includes, but is not limited to, recurring and non‑recurring fees, interest, dividends, gains or losses on the remeasurement or derecognition of interests in structured entities and gains or losses from the transfer of assets and liabilities to the structured entity.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F16130765" id="IFRS12_DI0002"><dt base="F16130763" id="IFRS12_TE0002"><b>interest in another entity</b></dt><dd>           <p base="F16130782" id="IFRS12_P0200">For the purpose of this IFRS, an interest in another entity refers to contractual and non‑contractual involvement that exposes an entity to variability of returns from the performance of the other entity. An interest in another entity can be evidenced by, but is not limited to, the holding of equity or debt instruments as well as other forms of involvement such as the provision of funding, liquidity support, credit enhancement and guarantees. It includes the means by which an entity has control or joint control of, or significant influence over, another entity. An entity does not necessarily have an interest in another entity solely because of a typical customer supplier relationship.</p>           <p base="F16130781" id="IFRS12_P0201"><xref base="F16228890" href="IFRS12_gB7-B9.dita#IFRS12_gB7-B9" id="IFRS12_X0207">Paragraphs B7–B9</xref> provide further information about interests in other entities.</p>           <p base="F16130780" id="IFRS12_P0202"><xref base="F16228891" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_gB55-B57.dita#IFRS10_gB55-B57" id="IFRS12_X0208">Paragraphs B55–B57 of IFRS 10</xref> explain variability of returns.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F16130768" id="IFRS12_DI0003"><dt base="F16130766" id="IFRS12_TE0003"><b>structured entity</b></dt><dd>           <p base="F16130778" id="IFRS12_P0204">An entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding who controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to administrative tasks only and the relevant activities are directed by means of contractual arrangements.</p>           <p base="F16130779" id="IFRS12_P0205"><xref base="F16228900" href="IFRS12_B22.dita#IFRS12_B22" id="IFRS12_X0210">Paragraphs B22–B24</xref> provide further information about structured entities.</p>                    </dd></dlentry></dl><variants id="IFRS12_P0207">              <p base="F21342916" id="IFRS12_P0207_V2">The following terms are defined in <xref base="F21342917" href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001" id="IFRS12_X0235">IAS 27</xref> (as amended in 2011), <xref base="F21342918" href="../ias28/IAS28_TOC.dita#IAS28_TOC0001" id="IFRS12_X0236">IAS 28</xref> (as amended in 2011), <xref base="F21342919" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IFRS12_X0237">IFRS 10</xref> and <xref base="F21342920" href="../ifrs11/IFRS11_TOC.dita#IFRS11_TOC0001" id="IFRS12_X0238">IFRS 11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph></xref> and are used in this IFRS with the meanings specified in those IFRSs:</p>     </variants><variants>              <ul base="F21342922" id="IFRS12_L0039_V2"><li>           <p base="F21342924" id="IFRS12_P0225">associate                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21342929" id="IFRS12_P0226">consolidated financial statements                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21342936" id="IFRS12_P0227">control of an entity                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21342941" id="IFRS12_P0228">equity method                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21342946" id="IFRS12_P0229">group                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21342902" id="IFRS12_P0230">investment entity                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21342951" id="IFRS12_P0231">joint arrangement                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21342956" id="IFRS12_P0232">joint control                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21342961" id="IFRS12_P0233">joint operation                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21342966" id="IFRS12_P0234">joint venture                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21342971" id="IFRS12_P0235">non‑controlling interest                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21342976" id="IFRS12_P0236">parent                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21342981" id="IFRS12_P0237">protective rights                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21342986" id="IFRS12_P0238">relevant activities                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21342991" id="IFRS12_P0239">separate financial statements                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21342996" id="IFRS12_P0240">separate vehicle                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21343001" id="IFRS12_P0241">significant influence                        </p>         </li><li>           <p base="F21343006" id="IFRS12_P0242">subsidiary.                        </p>         </li></ul>     </variants></body></topic>