<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="F16130992" id="IFRS12_B26" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B26</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 12"/><data name="paranum" value="B26"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS12_P0328">Examples of additional information that, depending on the circumstances, might be relevant to an assessment of the risks to which an entity is exposed when it has an interest in an unconsolidated structured entity are:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F16130994" id="IFRS12_L0053" type="lower-alpha"><li id="IFRS12_B26_a"><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F16130996" id="IFRS12_P0329">the terms of an arrangement that could require the entity to provide financial support to an unconsolidated structured entity (eg liquidity arrangements or credit rating triggers associated with obligations to purchase assets of the structured entity or provide financial support), including:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F16130998" id="IFRS12_L0054" type="lower-roman"><li id="IFRS12_B26_a_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F16130999" id="IFRS12_P0330">a description of events or circumstances that could expose the reporting entity to a loss.</p>           </li><li id="IFRS12_B26_a_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F16131001" id="IFRS12_P0331">whether there are any terms that would limit the obligation.</p>           </li><li id="IFRS12_B26_a_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value>             <p base="F16131003" id="IFRS12_P0332">whether there are any other parties that provide financial support and, if so, how the reporting entity’s obligation ranks with those of other parties.</p>           </li></ol>       </li><li id="IFRS12_B26_b"><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F16131005" id="IFRS12_P0333">losses incurred by the entity during the reporting period relating to its interests in unconsolidated structured entities.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS12_B26_c"><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="F16131007" id="IFRS12_P0334">the types of income the entity received during the reporting period from its interests in unconsolidated structured entities.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS12_B26_d"><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="F16131009" id="IFRS12_P0335">whether the entity is required to absorb losses of an unconsolidated structured entity before other parties, the maximum limit of such losses for the entity, and (if relevant) the ranking and amounts of potential losses borne by parties whose interests rank lower than the entity’s interest in the unconsolidated structured entity.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS12_B26_e"><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p base="F16131011" id="IFRS12_P0336">information about any liquidity arrangements, guarantees or other commitments with third parties that may affect the fair value                      or risk of the entity’s interests in unconsolidated structured entities.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS12_B26_f"><li_value>(f)</li_value>         <p base="F16131013" id="IFRS12_P0337">any difficulties an unconsolidated structured entity has experienced in financing its activities during the reporting period.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS12_B26_g"><li_value>(g)</li_value>         <p base="F16131015" id="IFRS12_P0338">in relation to the funding of an unconsolidated structured entity, the forms of funding (eg commercial paper or medium‑term notes) and their weighted‑average life. That information might include maturity analyses of the assets and funding of an unconsolidated structured entity if the structured entity has longer‑term assets funded by shorter‑term funding.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>