<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS36_BC197" base="SL32068" principles="no"><paranum>BC197</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="BC197"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS36_P3004">However, the subsequent cash flow test is designed only to prevent entities from avoiding goodwill write&#x2011;downs. The Board observed that, given current trends in &#x2018;big bath&#x2019; restructuring charges, the greater risk to the quality of financial reporting might be from entities trying to write off goodwill without adequate justification in an attempt to &#x2018;manage&#x2019; the balance sheet. The Board also observed that: </p><ol id="IAS36_L0165" base="SL149709" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3005" base="SL149711">the focus of the test on cash flows ignores other elements in the measurement of value in use. As a result, it does not produce representationally faithful results in a present value measurement system. The Board considered incorporating into the recalculation performed under the test corrections of estimates of other elements in the measurement of value in use. However, the Board concluded that specifying which elements to include would be problematic. Moreover, adding corrections of estimates of those other elements to the test would, in effect, transform the test into a requirement to perform a comprehensive recalculation of value in use for each of the five annual reporting periods following an impairment test.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3006" base="SL149713">the amount recognised as an impairment loss under the test is the amount of the impairment that would have been recognised, provided changes in estimates of remaining cash flows and changes in discount and growth rates are ignored. Therefore, it is a hypothetical amount that does not provide decision&#x2011;useful information&#x2014;it is neither an estimate of a current amount nor a prediction of ultimate cash flows.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3007" base="SL149715">the requirement to perform the test for each of the five annual reporting periods following an impairment test could result in an entity having to maintain as many as five sets of 5&#x2011;year computations for each cash&#x2011;generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated. Therefore, the test is likely to be extremely burdensome, particularly if an entity has a large number of such units, without producing understandable or decision&#x2011;useful information.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>