<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS36_BCZ183" base="SL32054" principles="no"><paranum>BCZ183</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="BCZ183"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS36_P2964">Opponents of reversals of impairment losses argue that: </p><ol id="IAS36_L0159" base="SL149660" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2965" base="SL149662">reversals of impairment losses are contrary to the historical cost accounting system. When the carrying amount is reduced, recoverable amount becomes the new cost basis for an asset. Consequently, reversing an impairment loss is no different from revaluing an asset upward. Indeed, in many cases, recoverable amount is similar to the measurement basis used for the revaluation of an asset. Hence, reversals of impairment losses should be either prohibited or recognised directly in equity as a revaluation.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2966" base="SL149664">reversals of impairment losses introduce volatility in reported earnings. Periodic, short&#x2011;term income measurements should not be affected by unrealised changes in the measurement of a long&#x2011;lived asset.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2967" base="SL149666">the result of reversals of impairment losses would not be useful to users of financial statements since the amount of a reversal under IAS 36 is limited to an amount that does not increase the carrying amount of an asset above its depreciated historical cost. Neither the amount reversed nor the revised carrying amount have any information content.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2968" base="SL149668">in many cases, reversals of impairment losses will result in the implicit recognition of internally generated goodwill.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2969" base="SL149670">reversals of impairment losses open the door to abuse and income &#x2018;smoothing&#x2019; in practice.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2970" base="SL149672">follow&#x2011;up to verify whether an impairment loss needs to be reversed is costly.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>