<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS36_BC167" base="SL32038" principles="no"><paranum>BC167</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="BC167"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS36_P2934">In considering the above comments, the Board noted that: </p><ol id="IAS36_L0154" base="SL149625" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2935" base="SL149627">all of the US registrant field visit participants and North American round&#x2011;table participants that have had to perform the second step of the SFAS 142 impairment test were compelled to engage, at significant cost, independent valuers.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2936" base="SL149629">the impairment model proposed in the Exposure Draft, although based on the two&#x2011;step approach in SFAS 142, differed from the SFAS 142 test and would be unlikely to result in convergence for the following reasons:</p> <ol id="IAS36_L0155" base="SL149630" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2937" base="SL149632">the recoverable amount of a unit to which goodwill is allocated in accordance with IAS 36 would be the higher of the unit&#x2019;s value in use and fair value less costs to sell, rather than fair value. Many of the US registrant field visit participants stated that the measure of recoverable amount they would use under IAS 36 would differ from the fair value measure they would be required to use under SFAS 142.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2938" base="SL149634">the level at which goodwill is tested for impairment in accordance with SFAS 142 will often be higher than the level at which it would be tested under IAS 36. Many of the US registrant field visit participants stated that goodwill would be tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 at a lower level than under SFAS 142 because of either: (1) the limit SFAS 142 places on how far goodwill can be &#x2018;pushed down&#x2019; for impairment testing (ie one level below an operating segment); or (2) the requirement in SFAS 142 to aggregate components with similar economic characteristics. Nevertheless, these participants unanimously agreed that the IAS 36 approach provides users and management with more useful information. The Board also noted that many of the North American round&#x2011;table participants stated that they (or, in the case of audit firm participants, their clients) manage and have available information about their investments in goodwill at a level lower than a reporting unit as defined in SFAS 142. Many of these participants expressed a high level of dissatisfaction at being prevented by SFAS 142 from recognising goodwill impairments that they knew existed at these lower levels, but &#x2018;disappeared&#x2019; once the lower level units were aggregated with other units containing sufficient &#x2018;cushions&#x2019; to offset the impairment loss.</p></li></ol></li></ol></body></paragraph>