<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="IAS36_TI0110"><title base="SL149166" id="IAS36_TI0110"><ph conkeyref="bv_variables/bc_title"/><linebreak/><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number"/> <ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title"/></ph></title><body><note type="note"> <p base="SL72177" id="IAS36_P2427">The International Accounting Standards Board revised IAS 36 as part of its project on business combinations. It was not the Board&#x2019;s intention to reconsider as part of that project all of the requirements in IAS 36.</p> <p base="SL72178" id="IAS36_P2428">The previous version of IAS 36 was accompanied by a Basis for Conclusions summarising the former International Accounting Standards Committee&#x2019;s considerations in reaching some of its conclusions in that Standard. For convenience the Board has incorporated into its own Basis for Conclusions material from the previous Basis for Conclusions that discusses (a) matters the Board did not reconsider and (b) the history of the development of a standard on impairment of assets. That material is contained in paragraphs denoted by numbers with the prefix BCZ. Paragraphs describing the Board&#x2019;s considerations in reaching its own conclusions are numbered with the prefix BC.</p> <p base="F4301932" id="IAS36_P2429">In this Basis for Conclusions the terminology has not been amended to reflect the changes made by <xref base="F16454775" href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" id="IAS36_X0643">IAS 1 <none>Presentation of Financial Statements</none></xref> (as revised in 2007).</p> <p base="F16141684" id="IAS36_P2430">In developing IFRS 13 <none>Fair Value Measurement</none>, issued in May 2011, the Board changed the definition of fair value less costs to sell. As a consequence all references to &#x2018;fair value less costs to sell&#x2019; in IAS 36 were replaced with &#x2018;fair value less costs of disposal&#x2019;. This Basis for Conclusions has not been amended to reflect that change.</p></note></body></topic>