<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS36_BC165" base="SL32036" principles="no"><paranum>BC165</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="BC165"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS36_P2922">Many respondents disagreed with the proposal to adopt a two&#x2011;step approach to impairment testing goodwill. In particular, the second step of the proposed impairment test and the method for measuring any impairment loss for the goodwill caused considerable concern. Respondents provided the following conceptual arguments against the proposed approach: </p><ol id="IAS36_L0151" base="SL149603" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2923" base="SL149605">by drawing on only some aspects of the SFAS 142 two&#x2011;step approach, the result is a hybrid between fair values and value in use. More particularly, not <i/>measuring goodwill&#x2019;s implied value as the difference between the unit&#x2019;s fair value and the net fair value of the identifiable net assets in the unit, but instead measuring it as the difference between the unit&#x2019;s recoverable amount (ie higher of value in use and fair value less costs to sell) and the net fair value of the identifiable net assets in the unit, results in a measure of goodwill that conceptually is neither fair value nor recoverable amount. This raises questions about the conceptual validity of measuring goodwill impairment losses as the difference between goodwill&#x2019;s implied value and carrying amount.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2924" base="SL149607">it seems inconsistent to consider goodwill separately for impairment testing when other assets within a unit are not considered separately but are instead considered as part of the unit as a whole, particularly given that goodwill, unlike many other assets, cannot generate cash inflows independently of other assets. The previous version of IAS 36 is premised on the notion that if a series of independent cash flows can be generated only by a group of assets operating together, impairment losses should be considered only for that group of assets as a whole&#x2014;individual assets within the group should not be considered separately.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2925" base="SL149609">concluding that the recoverable amount of goodwill&#x2014;which cannot generate cash inflows independently of other assets&#x2014;should be measured separately for measuring impairment losses makes it difficult to understand how the Board could in the future reasonably conclude that such an approach to measuring impairment losses is also not appropriate for other assets. In other words, if it adopts the proposed two&#x2011;step approach for goodwill, the Board could in effect be committing itself to an &#x2018;individual asset/fair value&#x2019; approach for measuring impairments of all other assets. A decision on this issue should be made only as part of a broad reconsideration of the appropriate measurement objective for impairment testing generally.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2926" base="SL149611">if goodwill is considered separately for impairment testing using an implied value calculation when other assets within a unit are considered only as part of the unit as a whole, there will be asymmetry: unrecognised goodwill will shield the carrying value of other assets from impairment, but the unrecognised value of other assets will not shield the carrying amount of goodwill from impairment. This seems unreasonable given that the unrecognised value of those other assets cannot then be recognised. Additionally, the carrying amount of a unit will be less than its recoverable amount whenever an impairment loss for goodwill exceeds the unrecognised value of the other assets in the unit.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>