<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS36_BCZ13" base="SL31885" principles="no"><paranum>BCZ13</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="BCZ13"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS36_P2469">IASC rejected measurement of recoverable amount based on the sum of undiscounted cash flows because: </p><ol id="IAS36_L0097" base="SL149221" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2470" base="SL149223">the objective of the measurement of recoverable amount is to reflect an investment decision. Money has a time value, even when prices are stable. If future cash flows were not discounted, two assets giving rise to cash flows of the same amount but with different timings would show the same recoverable amount. However, their current market values would be different because all rational economic transactions take account of the time value of money.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2471" base="SL149225">measurements that take into consideration the time value of money are more relevant to investors, other external users of financial statements and management for resource allocation decisions, regardless of the general measurement basis adopted in the financial statements.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2472" base="SL149227">many enterprises were already familiar with the use of discounting techniques, particularly for supporting investment decisions.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2473" base="SL149229">discounting was already required for other areas of financial statements that are based on expectations of future cash flows, such as long&#x2011;term provisions and employee benefit obligations.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2474" base="SL149231">users are better served if they are aware on a timely basis of assets that will not generate sufficient returns to cover, at least, the time value of money.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>