<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS36_BCZ45" base="SL31917" principles="no"><paranum>BCZ45</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="BCZ45"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS36_P2556">The proposal&#x2014;that future cash inflows should reflect only future cash inflows relating to the asset that was initially recognised&#x2014;would also conflict with the requirement under IAS 36 that cash flow projections should reflect reasonable and supportable assumptions that represent management&#x2019;s best estimate of the set of economic conditions that will exist over the remaining useful life of the asset (see <xref id="IAS36_X0689" base="F16145475" href="IAS36_33.dita#IAS36_33">paragraph 33</xref> of IAS 36). Therefore, the Standard requires that future cash inflows should be estimated for an asset in its current condition, whether or not these future cash inflows are from the asset that was initially recognised or from its subsequent enhancement or modification. </p><table id="IAS36_TAB0042" base="SL78463" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><thead><row><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS36_P2557" typeface="sansserif">Example</p></entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry colname="C1" valign="top"> <p id="IAS36_P2558" base="SL149317">Several years ago, an enterprise purchased a customer list with 10,000 addresses that it recognised as an intangible asset. The enterprise uses this list for direct marketing of its products. Since initial recognition, about 2,000 customer addresses have been deleted from the list and 3,000 new customer addresses added to it. The enterprise is determining the value in use of the customer list.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IAS36_P2559" base="SL149318"><i>Under the proposal (rejected by IASC) that an enterprise should reflect only future cash inflows relating to the asset that was initially recognised, the enterprise would consider only those future cash inflows generated by the remaining 8,000 (10,000 less 2,000) customers from the list acquired.</i></p> <p id="IAS36_P2560" base="SL149319"><i>Under IAS 36, an enterprise considers the future cash inflows generated by the customer list in its current condition, ie by all 11,000 customers (8,000 plus 3,000).</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>