<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS36_BC131D" base="F4981569"><paranum>BC131D</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="BC131D"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS36_P2857">The respondents to ED 3 who expressed a clear view on this issue generally supported approach (a). They put forward the following arguments in support of that approach:</p><ol id="IAS36_L0141" base="F4981571" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2858" base="F4981572">acquired goodwill is an asset that is consumed and replaced by internally generated goodwill. Therefore, amortisation ensures that the acquired goodwill is recognised in profit or loss and no internally generated goodwill is recognised as an asset in its place, consistently with the general prohibition in IAS 38 on the recognition of internally generated goodwill.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2859" base="F4981574">conceptually, amortisation is a method of allocating the cost of acquired goodwill over the periods it is consumed, and is consistent with the approach taken to other intangible and tangible fixed assets that do not have indefinite useful lives. Indeed, entities are required to determine the useful lives of items of property, plant and equipment, and allocate their depreciable amounts on a systematic basis over those useful lives. There is no conceptual reason for treating acquired goodwill differently.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2860" base="F4981576">the useful life of acquired goodwill cannot be predicted with a satisfactory level of reliability, nor can the pattern in which that goodwill diminishes be known. However, systematic amortisation over an albeit arbitrary period provides an appropriate balance between conceptual soundness and operationality at an acceptable cost: it is the only practical solution to an intractable problem.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>