<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS36_BCZ184"><paranum>BCZ184</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="BCZ184"/></prolog><body><variant id="IAS36_BCZ184_V2" base="SL75174263" principles="no"> <p id="IAS36_P2977">IASC&#x2019;s reasons for requiring reversals of impairment losses were the following: </p> <ol id="IAS36_L0161" base="SL75174264" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2978" base="SL75174266">it is consistent with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph><xref keyref="footnotes/IAS36_FN0074" type="fn"/> and the view that future economic benefits that were not previously expected to flow from an asset have been reassessed as probable.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2979" base="SL75174273">a reversal of an impairment loss is not a revaluation and is consistent with the historical cost accounting system as long as the reversal does not result in the carrying amount of an asset exceeding its original cost less amortisation/depreciation, had the impairment loss not been recognised. Accordingly, the reversal of an impairment loss should be recognised in the income statement and any amount in excess of the depreciated historical cost should be accounted for as a revaluation.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2980" base="SL75174275">impairment losses are recognised and measured based on estimates. Any change in the measurement of an impairment loss is similar to a change in estimate. IAS 8 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Net Profit or Loss for the Period, Fundamental Errors and Changes in Accounting Policies</ph></ph><xref keyref="footnotes/IAS36_FN0075" type="fn"/> requires that a change in accounting estimate should be included in the determination of the net profit or loss in (a) the period of the change, if the change affects the period only, or (b) the period of the change and future periods, if the change affects both.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2981" base="SL75174281">reversals of impairment losses provide users with a more useful indication of the potential for future benefits of an asset or group of assets.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2982" base="SL75174283">results of operations will be more fairly stated in the current period and in future periods because depreciation or amortisation will not reflect a previous impairment loss that is no longer relevant. Prohibition of reversals of impairment losses may lead to abuses such as recording a significant loss one year with the resulting lower amortisation/depreciation charge and higher profits in subsequent years.</p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>