<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS36_BCZ16" base="SL31888" principles="no"><paranum>BCZ16</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="BCZ16"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS36_P2487">Some argue that the only appropriate measurement for the recoverable amount of an asset is fair value (based on observable market prices or, if no observable market prices exist, estimated considering prices for similar assets and the results of discounted future cash flow calculations).<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS36_FN0046" type="fn"/> Proponents of fair value argue that: </p><ol id="IAS36_L0100" base="SL149243" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2488" base="SL149245">the purpose of measuring recoverable amount is to estimate a market value, not an enterprise&#x2011;specific value. An enterprise&#x2019;s estimate of the present value of future cash flows is subjective and in some cases may be abused. Observable market prices that reflect the judgement of the marketplace are a more reliable measurement of the amounts that will be recovered from an asset. They reduce the use of management&#x2019;s judgement.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2489" base="SL149247">if an asset is expected to generate greater net cash inflows for the enterprise than for other participants, the superior returns are almost always generated by internally generated goodwill stemming from the synergy of the business and its management team. For consistency with IASC&#x2019;s proposals in E60 that internally generated goodwill should not be recognised as an asset, these above&#x2011;market cash flows should be excluded from assessments of an asset&#x2019;s recoverable amount.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2490" base="SL149249">determining recoverable amount as the higher of net selling price and value in use is tantamount to determining two diverging measures whilst there should be only one measure to estimate recoverable amount.</p></li></ol><p id="IAS36_P2491" base="SL149250">A minority of commentators on E55 supported measuring recoverable amount at fair value (based on observable market prices or, if no observable market prices exist, estimated considering prices for similar assets and the results of discounted future cash flow calculations).</p></body></paragraph>