<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS36_BC229" base="SL32100" principles="no"><paranum>BC229</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="BC229"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS36_P3090">The following are the main changes from the Exposure Draft: </p><ol id="IAS36_L0178" base="SL149784" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3091" base="SL149786">the Exposure Draft proposed that an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life should be tested for impairment at the end of each annual period by comparing its carrying amount with its recoverable amount. The Standard requires such an intangible asset to be tested for impairment annually by comparing its carrying amount with its recoverable amount. The impairment test may be performed at any time during an annual period, provided it is performed at the same time every year, and different intangible assets may be tested for impairment at different times. However, if such an intangible asset was initially recognised during the current annual period, the Standard requires that intangible asset to be tested for impairment before the end of the current annual period.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3092" base="SL149788">the Exposure Draft proposed that the cash flow projections used to measure value in use should be based on reasonable and supportable assumptions that take into account both past actual cash flows and management&#x2019;s past ability to forecast cash flows accurately. This proposal has not been included in the Standard. Instead, the Standard includes guidance clarifying that management:</p> <ol id="IAS36_L0179" base="SL149789" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3093" base="SL149791">should assess the reasonableness of the assumptions on which its current cash flow projections are based by examining the causes of differences between past cash flow projections and actual cash flows; and</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3094" base="SL149793">should ensure that the assumptions on which its current cash flow projections are based are consistent with past actual outcomes, provided the effects of subsequent events or circumstances that did not exist when those actual cash flows were generated make this appropriate.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3095" base="SL149795">the Exposure Draft proposed that if an active market exists for the output produced by an asset or a group of assets, that asset or group of assets should be identified as a cash&#x2011;generating unit, even if some or all of the output is used internally. In such circumstances, management&#x2019;s best estimate of future market prices for the output should be used in estimating the future cash flows used to determine the unit&#x2019;s value in use. The Exposure Draft also proposed that when estimating future cash flows to determine the value in use of cash&#x2011;generating units using the output, management&#x2019;s best estimate of future market prices for the output should be used. The Standard similarly requires that if an active market exists for the output produced by an asset or a group of assets, that asset or group of assets should be identified as a cash&#x2011;generating unit, even if some or all of the output is used internally. However, the Standard clarifies that if the cash inflows generated by <i>any</i> asset or cash&#x2011;generating unit are affected by internal transfer pricing, an entity should use management&#x2019;s best estimate of future price(s) that could be achieved in arm&#x2019;s length transactions in estimating:</p> <ol id="IAS36_L0180" base="SL149797" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3096" base="SL149799">the future cash inflows used to determine the asset&#x2019;s or cash&#x2011;generating unit&#x2019;s value in use; and</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3097" base="SL149801">the future cash outflows used to determine the value in use of other assets or cash&#x2011;generating units affected by the internal transfer pricing.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3098" base="SL149803">the Exposure Draft proposed that goodwill acquired in a business combination should be allocated to one or more cash&#x2011;generating units, with each of those units representing the smallest cash&#x2011;generating unit to which a portion of the carrying amount of the goodwill could be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis. The Exposure Draft also proposed that:</p> <ol id="IAS36_L0181" base="SL149804" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3099" base="SL149806">a portion of the carrying amount of goodwill should be regarded as capable of being allocated to a cash&#x2011;generating unit on a reasonable and consistent basis only when that unit represents the lowest level at which management monitors the return on investment in assets that include the goodwill.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3100" base="SL149808">each cash&#x2011;generating unit should not be larger than a segment based on the entity&#x2019;s primary reporting format determined in accordance with IAS 14 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Segment Reporting</ph></ph>.</p></li></ol> <p id="IAS36_P3101" base="SL149809">The Standard requires goodwill acquired in a business combination to be allocated to each of the acquirer&#x2019;s cash&#x2011;generating units, or groups of cash&#x2011;generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units or groups of units. The Standard also requires each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is so allocated: (1) to represent the lowest level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes; and (2) to be not larger than a segment based on either the entity&#x2019;s primary or the entity&#x2019;s secondary reporting format determined in accordance with IAS 14.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3102" base="SL149811">the Exposure Draft proposed that when an entity disposes of an operation within a cash&#x2011;generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated, the goodwill associated with that operation should be:</p> <ol id="IAS36_L0182" base="SL149812" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3103" base="SL149814">included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal; and</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3104" base="SL149816">measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash&#x2011;generating unit retained.</p></li></ol> <p id="IAS36_P3105" base="SL149817">This proposal has been included in the Standard with one modification. The Standard requires the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of to be measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash&#x2011;generating unit retained, unless the entity can demonstrate that some other method better reflects the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3106" base="SL149819">the Exposure Draft proposed that when an entity reorganises its reporting structure in a way that changes the composition of cash&#x2011;generating units to which goodwill has been allocated, the goodwill should be reallocated to the units affected using a relative value approach similar to that used when an entity disposes of an operation within a cash&#x2011;generating unit. The Standard similarly requires an entity that reorganises its reporting structure in a way that changes the composition of one or more cash&#x2011;generating units to which goodwill has been allocated to reallocate the goodwill to the units (groups of units) affected. However, the Standard requires this reallocation to be performed using a relative value approach similar to that used when an entity disposes of an operation within a cash&#x2011;generating unit, unless the entity can demonstrate that some other method better reflects the goodwill associated with the reorganised units (groups of units).</p></li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3107" base="SL149821">the Exposure Draft proposed a two&#x2011;step approach for impairment testing goodwill. The first step involved using a screening mechanism for identifying potential goodwill impairments, whereby goodwill allocated to a cash&#x2011;generating unit would be identified as potentially impaired only when the carrying amount of the unit exceeded its recoverable amount. If an entity identified the goodwill allocated to a cash&#x2011;generating unit as potentially impaired, an entity would then determine whether the goodwill allocated to the unit was impaired by comparing its recoverable amount, measured as the implied value of the goodwill, with its carrying amount. The implied value of goodwill would be measured as a residual, being the excess of the recoverable amount of the cash&#x2011;generating unit to which the goodwill has been allocated, over the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities the entity would recognise if it acquired the cash&#x2011;generating unit in a business combination on the date of the impairment test. The Standard requires any excess of the carrying amount of a cash&#x2011;generating unit (group of units) to which goodwill has been allocated over its recoverable amount to be recognised first as an impairment loss for goodwill. Any excess remaining after the carrying amount of goodwill has been reduced to zero is then recognised by being allocated to the other assets of the unit pro rata with their carrying amounts.</p></li><li><li_value>(h)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3108" base="SL149823">the Exposure Draft proposed requiring an entity to disclose information about cash&#x2011;generating units whose carrying amounts included goodwill or indefinite&#x2011;lived intangibles. That information included the carrying amount of goodwill and the carrying amount of indefinite&#x2011;lived intangibles, the basis on which the unit&#x2019;s recoverable amount had been determined (ie value in use or net selling price), the amount by which the unit&#x2019;s recoverable amount exceeded its carrying amount, the key assumptions and estimates used to measure the unit&#x2019;s recoverable amount and information about the sensitivity of that recoverable amount to changes in the key assumptions and estimates. If an entity reports segment information in accordance with IAS 14, the Exposure Draft proposed that this information should be disclosed in aggregate for each segment based on the entity&#x2019;s primary reporting format. However, the Exposure Draft also proposed that the information would be disclosed separately for a cash&#x2011;generating unit if specified criteria were met. The Standard:</p> <ol id="IAS36_L0183" base="SL149824" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3109" base="SL149826">does not require information for evaluating the reliability of the impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite&#x2011;lived intangibles to be disclosed in aggregate for each segment and separately for cash&#x2011;generating units within a segment when specified criteria are met. Instead, the Standard requires this information to be disclosed for each cash&#x2011;generating unit (group of units) for which the carrying amount of goodwill or indefinite&#x2011;lived intangibles allocated to that unit (group of units) is significant in comparison with the entity&#x2019;s total carrying amount of goodwill or indefinite&#x2011;lived intangibles.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3110" base="SL149828">does not require an entity to disclose the amount by which the recoverable amount of a cash&#x2011;generating unit exceeds its carrying amount. Instead, the Standard requires an entity to disclose this information only if a reasonably possible change in a key assumption on which management has based its determination of the unit&#x2019;s (group of units&#x2019;) recoverable amount would cause the unit&#x2019;s (group of units&#x2019;) carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.</p></li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3111" base="SL149830">does not require an entity to disclose the value assigned to each key assumption on which management has based its recoverable amount determination, and the amount by which that value must change, after incorporating any consequential effects of that change on the other variables used to measure recoverable amount, in order for the unit&#x2019;s recoverable amount to be equal to its carrying amount. Instead, the Standard requires an entity to disclose a description of each key assumption on which management has based its recoverable amount determination, management&#x2019;s approach to determining the value(s) assigned to each key assumption, whether those value(s) reflect past experience or, if appropriate, are consistent with external sources of information, and, if not, how and why they differ from past experience or external sources of information. However, if a reasonably possible change in a key assumption would cause the unit&#x2019;s (group of units&#x2019;) carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount, the entity is also required to disclose the value assigned to the key assumption, and the amount by which that value must change, after incorporating any consequential effects of that change on the other variables used to measure recoverable amount, in order for the unit&#x2019;s (group of units&#x2019;) recoverable amount to be equal to its carrying amount.</p></li><li><li_value>(iv)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P3112" base="SL149832">requires information about key assumptions to be disclosed for any key assumption that is relevant to the recoverable amount determination of multiple cash&#x2011;generating units (groups of units) that individually contain insignificant amounts of goodwill or indefinite&#x2011;lived intangibles, but which contain, in aggregate, significant amounts of goodwill or indefinite&#x2011;lived intangibles.</p></li></ol></li></ol></body></paragraph>