<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS36_BC124" base="SL31995" principles="no"><paranum>BC124</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="BC124"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS36_P2838">However, as noted in <xref id="IAS36_X0741" base="F16145711" href="IAS36_BC122.dita#IAS36_BC122">paragraph BC122</xref>, the Exposure Draft proposed that the annual impairment tests for indefinite&#x2011;lived intangibles should be performed at the end of each annual period. Many respondents to the Exposure Draft disagreed that IAS 36 should mandate the timing of the annual impairment tests. They argued that: </p><ol id="IAS36_L0138" base="SL149528" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2839" base="SL149530">it would be inconsistent with the proposal (now a requirement) that the annual impairment test for a cash&#x2011;generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated may be performed at any time during an annual period, provided the test is performed at the same time every year. There is no justification for providing less flexibility in the timing of the annual impairment test for indefinite&#x2011;lived intangibles.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2840" base="SL149532">if the impairment test for an indefinite&#x2011;lived intangible is linked to the impairment test for goodwill (ie if the indefinite&#x2011;lived intangible is assessed for impairment at the same cash&#x2011;generating unit level as goodwill, rather than individually or as part of a smaller cash&#x2011;generating unit), the requirement to measure its recoverable amount at the end of the annual period could result in the cash&#x2011;generating unit to which it (and the goodwill) belongs being tested for impairment at least twice each annual period, which is too burdensome. For example, assume a cash&#x2011;generating unit contains goodwill and an indefinite&#x2011;lived intangible, and that the indefinite&#x2011;lived intangible is assessed for impairment at the same cash&#x2011;generating unit level as goodwill. Assume also that the entity reports quarterly, has a December year&#x2011;end, and decides to test goodwill for impairment at the end of the third quarter to coincide with the completion of its annual strategic planning/budgeting process. The proposal that the annual impairment test for an indefinite&#x2011;lived intangible should be performed at the end of each annual period would mean that the entity would be required:</p> <ol id="IAS36_L0139" base="SL149533" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2841" base="SL149535">to calculate at the end of each September the recoverable amount of the cash&#x2011;generating unit, compare it with its carrying amount, and, if the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount, recognise an impairment loss for the unit by reducing the carrying amount of goodwill and allocating any remaining impairment loss to the other assets in the unit, including the indefinite&#x2011;lived intangible.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2842" base="SL149537">to perform the same steps again each December to test the indefinite&#x2011;lived intangible for impairment.</p></li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P2843" base="SL149539">to perform the same steps again at any other time throughout the annual period if there is an indication that the cash&#x2011;generating unit, the goodwill or the indefinite&#x2011;lived intangible may be impaired.</p></li></ol></li></ol></body></paragraph>