<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS15_BC284" base="F31839909"><paranum>BC284</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="BC284"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS15_P2544">The boards agreed with respondents that it would not always be appropriate for an entity to allocate the variable consideration in a transaction price to all of the performance obligations in a contract. For example, an entity may contract to provide two products at different times with a bonus that is contingent on the timely delivery of only the second product. In that example, it might be inappropriate to attribute variable consideration included in the transaction price to both products. Similarly, an entity may contract to provide two products at different times with a fixed amount for the first product that represents that product&#x2019;s stand-alone selling price, and a variable amount that is contingent on the delivery of the second product. That variable amount might be excluded from the estimate of the transaction price (ie because of the requirements for constraining estimates of the transaction price). In that case, it might be inappropriate to attribute the fixed consideration included in the transaction price to both products. Consequently, the boards specified the criteria in <xref id="IFRS15_X2018" base="F35619568" href="IFRS15_g84-86.dita#IFRS15_g84-86">paragraphs 84&#x2013;86 of IFRS 15</xref> to identify the circumstances in which an entity should allocate the variable consideration entirely to a performance obligation or to a distinct good or service (that forms part of a single performance obligation) rather than to the contract as a whole. The boards decided that those criteria are necessary to ensure an appropriate allocation of the transaction price when there is variable consideration in the transaction price.</p></body></paragraph>