<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F48708930" id="IFRS15_BC385V"><paranum>BC385V</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="BC385V"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS15_P2736">The boards observed that determining whether an entity is a principal or an agent may be more difficult in the third category of contracts listed above in which the entity has entered into a contract with a customer and has engaged another party (a subcontractor) to satisfy a performance obligation within that contract on its behalf. In these contracts, the entity assesses whether it controls a right to the specified services. An entity could control the right to the specified services by entering into a contract with the subcontractor and defining the services to be performed by the subcontractor on the entity&#x2019;s behalf. In that scenario, which is illustrated in <xref base="F52282860" href="IFRS15_gIE238A-IE238G.dita#IFRS15_gIE238A-IE238G_V1/IFRS15_gIE238A-IE238G_TI_V1" id="IFRS15_X2141">Example 46A</xref>, the entity obtains the right to the services of the subcontractor and then directs the subcontractor to provide the services to the customer on the entity&#x2019;s behalf. This scenario is equivalent to the entity fulfilling the contract using its own resources rather than engaging another party to do so. The entity would remain responsible for the satisfactory provision of services in accordance with the contract with the customer. In other scenarios in which the specified services provided to the customer are provided by another party and the entity did not have the ability to direct those services, the entity would typically be an agent. In those scenarios, the entity is likely to be facilitating (and arranging for) the provision of services by the other party rather than controlling the rights to the services that the entity then directs to the customer.</p></body></paragraph>