<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS15_BC46F" base="F48708641"><paranum>BC46F</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="BC46F"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS15_P2171"><xref id="IFRS15_X1775" base="F51967230" href="IFRS15_15.dita#IFRS15_15">Paragraph 15</xref> specifies when an entity should recognise any consideration received from a customer as revenue when the contract does not meet Step 1 of the revenue recognition model. Paragraph 15(b) states that an entity should recognise revenue when the contract has been terminated and the consideration received from the customer is non-refundable. The TRG&#x2019;s discussions informed the boards about potential diversity in stakeholders&#x2019; understanding of when a contract is terminated. The assessment of when a contract is terminated affects when an entity recognises revenue in a contract that does not meet Step 1 of the revenue recognition model. Some stakeholders asserted that a contract is terminated when an entity stops transferring promised goods or services to the customer. Other stakeholders asserted that a contract is terminated only when the entity stops pursuing collection from the customer. Stakeholders noted that those two events often occur at different points in time. For example, entities sometimes pursue collection for a significant period of time after they have stopped transferring promised goods or services to the customer. As a result, non-refundable consideration received from the customer might be recognised as a liability for a significant period of time during which an entity pursues collection, even though the entity may have stopped transferring promised goods or services to the customer and has no further obligations to transfer goods or services to the customer.</p></body></paragraph>