<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS15_BC410" base="F31840309"><paranum>BC410</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="BC410"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS15_P2769">The boards noted that the assessment of the criteria would not be affected by other promises in the contract to transfer goods or services (ie performance obligations) that are separate from the licence. This is because the nature and pattern of transfer of each (separate) performance obligation in a contract would not affect the timing of other promised goods or services in the contract and, thus, would not affect the identification of the rights provided by the licence. This is because, by definition, a performance obligation is separate from the other promises in the contract. Consider a contract to provide a car and ongoing maintenance services&#x2014;that is, two distinct goods or services (and thus two separate performance obligations). In this case, it seems counterintuitive to include the promise to provide a (separate) maintenance service when determining the nature and timing of the entity&#x2019;s performance related to the transfer of the car. A similar example can be drawn from a contract that includes a software licence and a promise to provide a service of updating the customer&#x2019;s software (sometimes included in a contract as post-contract support), in which the post-contract support is identified as a distinct good or service. This is because the entity would not consider the post-contract support when determining when control of the software transfers to the customer. In other words, a promise to transfer separate updates to the licence would not be considered in the assessment of the criteria in <xref id="IFRS15_X2166" base="F35619962" href="IFRS15_B58.dita#IFRS15_B58">paragraph B58 of IFRS 15</xref> and, furthermore, would be specifically excluded by criterion (c) in that paragraph.</p></body></paragraph>