<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS15_BC385J" base="F48708866"><paranum>BC385J</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="BC385J"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS15_P2710">The boards decided to amend the indicators in <xref id="IFRS15_X2118" base="F52062291" href="IFRS15_B37.dita#IFRS15_B37/IFRS15_B37_V2">paragraph B37</xref> to more clearly establish a link between the control principle and the indicators by: </p><ol id="IFRS15_L0214" base="F48708868" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2711" base="F48708869">reframing the indicators as indicators of when an entity controls a specified good or service before transfer, rather than as indicators that an entity does not control the specified good or service before transfer.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2712" base="F48708871">adding guidance to explain how each indicator supports the assessment of control as defined in <xref id="IFRS15_X2119" base="F52062292" href="IFRS15_33.dita#IFRS15_33">paragraph 33 of IFRS 15</xref>. This should help entities apply indicators that are similar to those in the previous revenue recognition Standards but within the context of the control principle in IFRS 15.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2713" base="F48708873">removing the indicator relating to the form of the consideration. Although that indicator might sometimes be helpful in assessing whether an entity is an agent, the boards concluded that it would not be helpful in assessing whether an entity is a principal.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2714" base="F48708875">removing the indicator relating to exposure to credit risk. The feedback on the Exposure Draft <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Clarifications to IFRS 15</ph></ph> highlighted that exposure to credit risk is generally not a helpful indicator when assessing whether an entity controls the specified good or service. Stakeholders observed that the credit risk indicator in the previous revenue guidance has been problematic from the perspective of entities trying to use exposure to credit risk to override stronger evidence of agency. The boards concluded that removing the credit risk indicator should reduce some of the complexity in the principal versus agent evaluation because the credit risk indicator will typically be less relevant, or not relevant, to the evaluation for contracts within the scope of IFRS 15.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2715" base="F48708877">clarifying that the indicators are not an exhaustive list and merely support the assessment of control&#x2014;they do not replace or override that assessment. The boards decided to explicitly state that one or more of the indicators might provide more persuasive evidence to support the assessment of control in different scenarios.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>