<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS15_BC45" base="F31827373"><paranum>BC45</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="BC45"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS15_P2160">In determining whether it is probable that an entity will collect the amount of consideration to which the entity will be entitled, an entity might first need to determine the amount of consideration to which the entity will be entitled. This is because, in some circumstances, the amount of consideration to which an entity will be entitled may be less than the price stated in the contract. This could be because the entity might offer the customer a price concession (see <xref id="IFRS15_X1766" base="F33215579" href="IFRS15_52.dita#IFRS15_52">paragraph 52 of IFRS 15</xref>) or because the amount of consideration to which an entity will be entitled varies for other reasons, such as the promise of a bonus. In either of those circumstances, an entity considers whether it is probable that the entity will collect the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled when the uncertainty relating to that consideration is resolved. The entity assesses whether it is probable of collecting that amount by considering both of the following:</p><ol id="IFRS15_L0161" base="F31827375" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2161" base="F31827376">the ability (ie the financial capacity) of the customer to pay the amount of consideration to which the entity will be entitled in exchange for the goods or services transferred.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2162" base="F31827378">the customer&#x2019;s intention to pay that amount. The boards observed that an assessment of the customer&#x2019;s intention would require an entity to consider all of the facts and circumstances, including the past practice of that customer or customer class. The boards noted that this assessment should be made on the assumption that the amount will be due (ie the corresponding performance obligation will be satisfied and the consideration is not subject to further variability that might affect the entity&#x2019;s entitlement to that consideration).</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>