<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS15_BC122" base="F31831657"><paranum>BC122</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="BC122"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS15_P2308">As described in <xref id="IFRS15_X1893" base="F35363565" href="IFRS15_BC119.dita#IFRS15_BC119">paragraph BC119</xref>, many respondents agreed with using control as the basis for assessing when the transfer of a promised good or service (ie an asset) occurs. However, most respondents to the 2010 Exposure Draft explained that the definition was most helpful when applied to performance obligations for the transfer of goods. They commented that applying the concept of control is straightforward in those cases because, typically, it is clear that an asset has transferred from the entity to its customer. They noted, however, that the requirements were more difficult to apply to performance obligations for services and construction-type contracts, because it could be difficult to determine when a customer obtains control of a service. This is because in many service contracts the service asset is simultaneously created and consumed and, therefore, is never recognised as an asset by the customer. Even in the case of a construction contract in which there is a recognisable asset, it can be difficult to assess whether a customer has the ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, a partially completed asset that the seller is creating. Consequently, many respondents in the construction industry were concerned that they would be required to change their revenue recognition policy from using a percentage-of-completion method to a completed contract method (ie on the basis that the transfer of assets occurs only upon transfer of legal title or physical possession of the finished asset, which typically occurs upon contract completion). Those respondents explained that the outcome of applying the completed contract method to their contracts with customers would not be a faithful depiction of the economics of those contracts.</p></body></paragraph>