<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS15_BC437"><paranum>BC437</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="BC437"/></prolog><body><variant base="F77682884" id="IFRS15_BC437_V2"> <p id="IFRS15_P2877">The boards decided that although retrospective application would generally impose increased preparation costs, those costs would be outweighed by the increased benefits to users of financial statements. Consequently, the boards considered how the burden of retrospective application could be eased while, at the same time, retaining the benefits of comparability and consistency that retrospective application would provide. To ease the burden of transition without sacrificing comparability, the boards decided to allow an entity to elect to use one or more of the following practical expedients when applying IFRS 15 retrospectively.</p> <table base="SL49527905" frame="all" id="IFRS15_TAB0037" orient="port"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="1" colwidth="30*" rowsep="1"/><colspec align="left" colname="C2" colnum="2" colsep="1" colwidth="70*" rowsep="1"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="middle"> <p id="IFRS15_P2878" typeface="sansserif"><b>Practical expedient</b></p></entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="middle"> <p id="IFRS15_P2879" typeface="sansserif"><b>Rationale</b></p></entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" nameend="C2" namest="C1" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS15_P2880" typeface="sansserif"><i>Reducing the number of contracts that require restatement<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS15_FN0025" type="fn"/></i></p></entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top"> <p base="F49527913" id="IFRS15_P2881">For contracts completed before the date of initial application of IFRS 15, an entity need not restate contracts that begin and end within the same annual reporting period.</p></entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top"> <p base="F49527915" id="IFRS15_P2882">In considering whether an entity should be required to review and restate all contracts completed before the date of initial application, the boards decided that trend information should be preserved for completed contracts that span annual reporting periods. Consequently, the boards decided to limit the relief to only those contracts that begin and end within the same annual reporting period, because the amount and timing of revenue recognition relating to those contracts would not change between annual reporting periods. The boards noted that this relief would significantly reduce the transition burden on entities that have a large number of short-term contracts.</p> <p base="F49527916" id="IFRS15_P2883">A consequence of this relief is that revenue reported in interim periods before and after the effective date would not necessarily be accounted for on a comparable basis. The boards expect that an entity would not elect to use this relief if it operates in an industry in which comparability across interim reporting periods is particularly important to users of financial statements.</p></entry></row><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" nameend="C2" namest="C1" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS15_P2884" typeface="sansserif"><i>Simplifying how an entity restates contracts with customers<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS15_FN0026" type="fn"/></i></p></entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top"> <p base="F49527920" id="IFRS15_P2885">For contracts completed before the date of initial application of IFRS 15 and that have variable consideration, an entity may use the transaction price at the date that the contract was completed rather than estimating variable consideration amounts in the comparative reporting periods.</p></entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top"> <p base="F49527922" id="IFRS15_P2886">Full retrospective application of IFRS 15 in accordance with <xref base="F49527923" href="../ias08/IAS08_TOC.dita#IAS08_TOC0001" id="IFRS15_X2239">IAS 8</xref> or Topic 250 would require an entity to determine the estimates that it would have made at each of the reporting dates in the comparative periods. The boards considered that making those estimates in the comparative years would increase the complexity and costs of retrospective application.</p> <p base="F49527924" id="IFRS15_P2887">By allowing an entity to use hindsight in estimating variable consideration, the boards decided that transition would be simplified for the following reasons:</p> <ol base="F49527925" id="IFRS15_L0232" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F49527927" id="IFRS15_P2888">it would reduce the amount of information that an entity would need to collect throughout the transition period; and</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F49527929" id="IFRS15_P2889">the entity would not need to determine the transaction price at the end of each period.</p></li></ol></entry></row><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" nameend="C2" namest="C1" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS15_P2890" typeface="sansserif"><i>Simplifying retrospective application of other aspects of the requirements</i></p></entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top"> <p base="F49527933" id="IFRS15_P2891">For all reporting periods presented before the date of initial application of IFRS 15, an entity need not disclose the amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations and an explanation of when the entity expects to recognise that amount as revenue (as specified in paragraph 120 of IFRS 15).</p></entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top"> <p base="F49527935" id="IFRS15_P2892">The boards decided that the disclosure of the amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (as would be required by <xref base="F49527936" href="IFRS15_120.dita#IFRS15_120" id="IFRS15_X2240">paragraph 120 of IFRS 15</xref>) should not be required for periods presented before the date of initial application of IFRS 15 for the following reasons:</p> <ol base="F49527937" id="IFRS15_L0233" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F49527939" id="IFRS15_P2893">the disclosure would be most useful for the current period; and</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F49527941" id="IFRS15_P2894">the disclosure could be burdensome to prepare for comparative years, especially when trying to avoid the use of hindsight to estimate the transaction price and the expected timing of satisfaction of those performance obligations.</p></li></ol></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></variant></body></paragraph>