<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS15_BC23" base="F31827282"><paranum>BC23</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="BC23"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS15_P2086">However, the boards noted the following concerns about an activities model:</p><ol id="IFRS15_L0155" base="F31827284" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2087" base="F31827285">revenue recognition would not have been based on accounting for the contract. In an activities model, revenue arises from increases in the entity&#x2019;s assets, such as inventory or work&#x2011;in&#x2011;progress, rather than only from rights under a contract. Consequently, conceptually, an activities model does not require a contract with a customer for revenue recognition, although revenue recognition could be precluded until a contract exists. However, that would have resulted in revenue being recognised at contract inception for any activities completed to that point.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2088" base="F31827304">it would have been counterintuitive to many users of financial statements. An entity would have recognised consideration as revenue when the customer had not received any promised goods or services in exchange.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2089" base="F31827306">there would have been potential for abuse. An entity could have accelerated revenue recognition by increasing its activities (for example, production of inventory) at the end of a reporting period.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P2090" base="F31827308">it would have resulted in a significant change to previous revenue recognition requirements and practices. In many of those requirements, revenue was recognised only when goods or services were transferred to the customer. For example, previous requirements in IFRS required revenue from the sale of a good to be recognised when the entity transferred ownership of the good to the customer. The boards also observed that the basis for percentage-of-completion accounting in previous revenue recognition requirements could be viewed as similar to the core principle in IFRS 15.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>