<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F48708922" id="IFRS15_BC385U"><paranum>BC385U</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="BC385U"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS15_P2732">The TRG&#x2019;s discussions highlighted concerns about the application of the control principle to services to be provided to a customer. Questions discussed included how an entity (other than the service provider) could control a service before that service is transferred to the customer, because a service comes into existence only at the moment that it is delivered. The boards observed that an entity can control a service to be provided by another party when it controls the right to the specified service from the other party that will be provided to the customer. The entity then either transfers the right to the service to the customer (for example, the airline ticket in <xref base="F52062348" href="IFRS15_gIE239-IE243.dita#IFRS15_gIE239-IE243/IFRS15_gIE239-IE243_TI" id="IFRS15_X2135">Example 47</xref>) or uses its right to direct the other party to provide the service to the customer on the entity&#x2019;s behalf (ie to satisfy the entity&#x2019;s performance obligation in the contract with the customer), such as in <xref base="F52282829" href="IFRS15_gIE238A-IE238G.dita#IFRS15_gIE238A-IE238G_V1/IFRS15_gIE238A-IE238G_TI_V1" id="IFRS15_X2136">Example 46A</xref>. Determining whether the entity controls a right to a specified service requires consideration of the facts and circumstances. The boards noted that contracts involving services provided by another party in which the entity is a principal can be broadly categorised as follows: </p><ol base="F48708924" id="IFRS15_L0217" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F48708925" id="IFRS15_P2733">Contracts in which an entity provides the customer with a right to a future service to be provided by another party, such as the right to a specified flight (in the form of a ticket) to be provided by an airline (as discussed in <xref base="F52282830" href="IFRS15_BC385O.dita#IFRS15_BC385O" id="IFRS15_X2137">paragraph BC385O</xref>).</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F48708927" id="IFRS15_P2734">Contracts in which the service provided by the other party is not distinct from other goods or services promised to the customer, and the entity directs the use of that service to create the combined item that is the specified good or service for which the customer has contracted (as discussed in <xref base="F52282831" href="IFRS15_BC385Q.dita#IFRS15_BC385Q" id="IFRS15_X2138">paragraphs BC385Q&#x2013;BC385R</xref>). <xref base="F52282859" href="IFRS15_B35A.dita#IFRS15_B35A/IFRS15_B35A_V1" id="IFRS15_X2139">Paragraph B35A(c)</xref> states that this scenario would exist whenever the entity provides a significant service of integrating the service provided by another party into the specified good or service for which the customer has contracted. <xref base="F52282833" href="IFRS15_gIE234-IE238.dita#IFRS15_gIE234-IE238/IFRS15_gIE234-IE238_TI" id="IFRS15_X2140">Example 46</xref> accompanying IFRS 15 illustrates this scenario.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F48708929" id="IFRS15_P2735">Contracts in which an entity directs another party to provide the service to the customer on the entity&#x2019;s behalf in satisfying the entity&#x2019;s performance obligation. Example 46A accompanying IFRS 15 illustrates this scenario.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>