<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS15_BC_A1"><paranum>A1</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="A1"/></prolog><body><variant base="F49528034" id="IFRS15_A1_V2">       <p id="IFRS15_P3081">IFRS 15, together with the FASB&#x2019;s Topic 606, issued in May 2014 completes a joint effort by the IASB and the FASB to improve financial reporting by creating a common revenue standard for IFRS and US GAAP that can be applied consistently across various transactions, industries and capital markets. In IFRS 15 and Topic 606, the boards achieved their goal of reaching the same conclusions on all requirements for the accounting for revenue from contracts with customers. However, there are some minor differences in the standards as issued in May 2014, which are as follows:</p>       <ol base="F49528035" id="IFRS15_L0257" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="F49528037" id="IFRS15_P3082"><b>Collectability threshold</b>&#x2014;the boards included an explicit collectability threshold as one of the criteria that a contract must meet before an entity can recognise revenue. For a contract to meet that criterion, an entity must conclude that it is probable that it will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer. In setting the threshold, the boards acknowledged that the term &#x2018;probable&#x2019; has different meanings in IFRS and in US GAAP. However, the boards decided to set the threshold at a level that is consistent with previous revenue recognition practices and requirements in IFRS and in US GAAP. (See <xref base="F49528039" href="IFRS15_gBC42-BC46H.dita#IFRS15_gBC42-BC46H" id="IFRS15_X2325">paragraphs BC42&#x2013;BC46</xref>.)</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="F49528041" id="IFRS15_P3083"><b>Interim disclosure requirements</b>&#x2014;the boards noted that the general principles in their respective interim reporting requirements (<xref base="F49528043" href="../ias34/IAS34_TOC0001.dita#IAS34_TOC0001" id="IFRS15_X2326">IAS 34 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Interim Financial Reporting</ph></ph></xref> and Topic 270 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Interim Reporting</ph></ph>) would apply to revenue from contracts with customers. However, the IASB decided to also amend <xref base="F49528046" href="../ias34/IAS34_TOC0001.dita#IAS34_TOC0001" id="IFRS15_X2327">IAS 34</xref> to specifically require the disclosure of disaggregated information of revenue from contracts with customers in interim financial reports. The FASB similarly decided to amend Topic 270, to require a public entity to disclose disaggregated revenue information in interim financial reports, but also made amendments to require information about both contract balances and remaining performance obligations to be disclosed on an interim basis. (See <xref base="F49528047" href="IFRS15_gBC358-BC361.dita#IFRS15_gBC358-BC361" id="IFRS15_X2328">paragraphs BC358&#x2013;BC361</xref>.)</p>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p base="F49528049" id="IFRS15_P3084"><b>Early application and effective date</b>&#x2014;<xref base="F49528051" href="IFRS15_C1.dita#IFRS15_C1" id="IFRS15_X2329">paragraph C1 of IFRS 15</xref> allows entities to apply the requirements early, whereas Topic 606 prohibits a public entity from applying the requirements earlier than the effective date.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS15_FN0033" type="fn"/> In addition, the effective date for IFRS 15 is for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2017, whereas Topic 606 has an effective date for public entities for annual reporting periods beginning after 15 December 2016.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS15_FN0034" type="fn"/> (See paragraphs BC452&#x2013;BC453.)</p>         </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p base="F49528053" id="IFRS15_P3085"><b>Impairment loss reversal</b>&#x2014;<xref base="F49528055" href="IFRS15_104.dita#IFRS15_104" id="IFRS15_X2330">paragraph 104 of IFRS 15</xref> requires an entity to reverse impairment losses, which is consistent with the requirements for the impairment of assets within the scope of <xref base="F49528056" href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001/IAS36_TOC0001_V2" id="IFRS15_X2331">IAS 36 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph></xref>. In contrast, consistent with other areas of US GAAP, Topic 606 does not allow an entity to reverse an impairment loss on an asset that is recognised in accordance with the guidance on costs to obtain or fulfil a contract. (See <xref base="F49528058" href="IFRS15_gBC309-BC311.dita#IFRS15_gBC309-BC311" id="IFRS15_X2332">paragraphs BC309&#x2013;BC311</xref>.)</p>         </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>           <p base="F49528060" id="IFRS15_P3086"><b>Non-public entity requirements</b>&#x2014;there are no specific requirements included in IFRS 15 for non-public entities. Entities that do not have public accountability may apply <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">IFRS for Small and Medium-sized Entities</ph></ph>. Topic 606 applies to non-public entities, although some specific reliefs relating to disclosure, transition and effective date have been included in Topic 606 for non-public entities.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>