<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS15_BC_A1A"><paranum>A1A</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="A1A"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS15_P3087">As explained in paragraph BC1A, the IASB issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Clarifications to IFRS 15</ph></ph> in April 2016, which differed in some respects from the amendments to Topic 606 issued by the FASB, and those expected to be issued by the FASB based on its decisions, until March 2016. The differences are as follows: </p><ol base="F48807300" id="IFRS15_L0258" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="F48807301" id="IFRS15_P3088"><b>Collectability criterion</b>&#x2014;The FASB decided to amend paragraph 606&#x2011;10&#x2011;25&#x2011;1(e) of Topic 606 (equivalent to <xref base="F52283178" href="IFRS15_9.dita#IFRS15_9" id="IFRS15_X2333">paragraph 9(e) of IFRS 15</xref>), and add implementation guidance and illustrations to clarify that an entity should assess the collectability of the consideration promised in a contract for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer rather than assessing the collectability of the consideration promised in the contract for all of the promised goods or services. The IASB did not make similar amendments to IFRS 15. (See <xref base="F52283181" href="IFRS15_BC46B.dita#IFRS15_BC46B" id="IFRS15_X2334">paragraphs BC46B&#x2013;BC46E</xref>.)</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="F48807304" id="IFRS15_P3089"><b>Revenue recognition for contracts with customers that do not meet the Step 1 criteria</b>&#x2014;The FASB decided to amend paragraph 606&#x2011;10&#x2011;25&#x2011;7 of Topic 606 (equivalent to <xref base="F52283179" href="IFRS15_15.dita#IFRS15_15" id="IFRS15_X2335">paragraph 15 of IFRS 15</xref>) to add an event in which an entity recognises any consideration received as revenue when (a) the entity has transferred control of the goods or services to which the consideration received relates; (b) the entity has stopped transferring additional goods or services and has no obligation to transfer additional goods or services; and (c) the consideration received from the customer is non-refundable. The IASB did not make similar amendments to IFRS 15. (See <xref base="F52283217" href="IFRS15_gBC46F-BC46H.dita#IFRS15_gBC46F-BC46H/IFRS15_gBC46F-BC46H_TI" id="IFRS15_X2336">paragraphs BC46F&#x2013;BC46H</xref>.)</p>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p base="F48807307" id="IFRS15_P3090"><b>Promised goods or services that are immaterial within the context of the contract</b>&#x2014;The FASB decided to amend Topic 606 to state that an entity is not required to assess whether promised goods or services are performance obligations if they are immaterial within the context of the contract with the customer. The IASB did not make similar amendments to IFRS 15. (See <xref base="F52283180" href="IFRS15_gBC116A-BC116E.dita#IFRS15_gBC116A-BC116E/IFRS15_gBC116A-BC116E_TI" id="IFRS15_X2337">paragraphs BC116A&#x2013;BC116E</xref>.)</p>         </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p base="F48807311" id="IFRS15_P3091"><b>Shipping and handling activities</b>&#x2014;The FASB decided to amend Topic 606 to permit an entity, as an accounting policy election, to account for shipping and handling activities that occur after the customer has obtained control of a good as fulfilment activities. The IASB decided not to make a similar amendment to IFRS 15. (See <xref base="F52283232" href="IFRS15_gBC116R-BC116U.dita#IFRS15_gBC116R-BC116U/IFRS15_gBC116R-BC116U_TI" id="IFRS15_X2338">paragraphs BC116R&#x2013;BC116U</xref>.)</p>         </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>           <p base="F48807314" id="IFRS15_P3092"><b>Presentation of sales taxes</b>&#x2014;The FASB decided to amend Topic 606 to provide an accounting policy election that permits an entity to exclude from the measurement of the transaction price all taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue&#x2011;producing transaction and collected from customers (for example, sales taxes, use taxes, value added taxes and some excise taxes). The IASB decided not to provide a similar accounting policy choice in IFRS 15. (See <xref base="F52283233" href="IFRS15_gBC188A-BC188D.dita#IFRS15_gBC188A-BC188D/IFRS15_gBC188A-BC188D_TI" id="IFRS15_X2339">paragraphs BC188A&#x2013;BC188D</xref>.)</p>         </li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>           <p base="F48807317" id="IFRS15_P3093"><b>Non-cash consideration</b>&#x2014;The FASB decided to amend Topic 606 to require non-cash consideration to be measured at its fair value at contract inception. The FASB also decided to specify that the constraint on variable consideration applies only to variability in the fair value of the non-cash consideration that arises for reasons other than the form of the consideration. The IASB did not make similar amendments to IFRS 15. (See <xref base="F52283234" href="IFRS15_gBC254A-BC254H.dita#IFRS15_gBC254A-BC254H/IFRS15_gBC254A-BC254H_TI" id="IFRS15_X2340">paragraphs BC254A&#x2013;BC254H</xref>.)</p>         </li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value>           <p base="F48807320" id="IFRS15_P3094"><b>Licensing</b></p>           <ol base="F48807324" id="IFRS15_L0259" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="F48807326" id="IFRS15_P3095"><b>Determining the nature of the entity&#x2019;s promise in granting a licence of intellectual property</b>&#x2014;IFRS 15 and Topic 606 require entities to determine whether the nature of an entity&#x2019;s promise in granting a licence is a right to use or a right to access the entity&#x2019;s intellectual property. The IASB did not amend the criteria in IFRS 15 to determine the nature of the licence but clarified that the assessment of whether the entity&#x2019;s activities significantly change the intellectual property to which the customer has rights is based on whether those activities affect the intellectual property&#x2019;s ability to provide benefit to the customer. The FASB decided to amend the criteria to determine the nature of the licence by requiring an entity to classify the intellectual property underlying the licence as functional or symbolic based on whether the intellectual property has significant stand&#x2011;alone functionality. A licence to functional intellectual property is considered a right to use, while a licence to symbolic intellectual property is considered a right to access the underlying intellectual property. (See <xref base="F52283235" href="IFRS15_gBC414C-BC414N.dita#IFRS15_gBC414C-BC414N/IFRS15_gBC414C-BC414N_TI" id="IFRS15_X2341">paragraphs BC414C&#x2013;BC414N</xref>.)</p>             </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F48807329" id="IFRS15_P3096"><b>Contractual restrictions in a licence and the identification of performance obligations</b>&#x2014;The FASB decided to amend Topic 606 to clarify that the requirements about contractual restrictions of the nature described in <xref base="F52310693" href="IFRS15_B62.dita#IFRS15_B62" id="IFRS15_X2342">paragraph B62</xref> do not replace the requirement for the entity to identify the number of licences promised in the contract. The IASB did not make similar amendments to IFRS 15. (See <xref base="F52283236" href="IFRS15_gBC414O-BC414R.dita#IFRS15_gBC414O-BC414R/IFRS15_gBC414O-BC414R_TI" id="IFRS15_X2343">paragraphs BC414O&#x2013;BC414R</xref>.)</p>             </li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value>               <p base="F48807333" id="IFRS15_P3097"><b>Renewals of licences of intellectual property</b>&#x2014;The FASB decided to amend Topic 606 and provide an additional example to specify that the entity would generally not recognise revenue from the transfer of the renewal licence until the beginning of the licence renewal period. The IASB did not make similar amendments. (See <xref base="F52283237" href="IFRS15_gBC414S-BC414U.dita#IFRS15_gBC414S-BC414U/IFRS15_gBC414S-BC414U_TI" id="IFRS15_X2344">paragraphs BC414S&#x2013;BC414U</xref>.)</p>             </li><li><li_value>(iv)</li_value>               <p base="F48807336" id="IFRS15_P3098"><b>When to consider the nature of an entity&#x2019;s promise in granting a licence</b>&#x2014;The FASB decided to make amendments that explicitly state that an entity considers the nature of its promise in granting a licence when applying the general revenue recognition model to a single performance obligation that includes a licence and other goods or services. The IASB did not make similar amendments to IFRS 15. (See <xref base="F52283238" href="IFRS15_gBC414V-BC414Y.dita#IFRS15_gBC414V-BC414Y/IFRS15_gBC414V-BC414Y_TI" id="IFRS15_X2345">paragraphs BC414V&#x2013;BC414Y</xref>.)</p>             </li></ol>         </li><li><li_value>(h)</li_value>           <p base="F48807339" id="IFRS15_P3099"><b>Completed contracts</b>&#x2014;The FASB decided to amend the definition of a completed contract to be a contract for which all (or substantially all) of the revenue was recognised in accordance with the previous revenue Standards. The IASB did not make a similar amendment to IFRS 15. (See <xref base="F52283239" href="IFRS15_gBC445C-BC445I.dita#IFRS15_gBC445C-BC445I/IFRS15_gBC445C-BC445I_TI" id="IFRS15_X2346">paragraphs BC445C&#x2013;BC445I</xref>.) Furthermore, the IASB added a practical expedient to allow an entity applying IFRS 15 in accordance with <xref base="F52283241" href="IFRS15_C3.dita#IFRS15_C3" id="IFRS15_X2347">paragraph C3(a)</xref> not to restate contracts that are completed contracts at the beginning of the earliest period presented. The FASB decided not to provide the practical expedient. (See <xref base="F52283240" href="IFRS15_gBC445M-BC445N.dita#IFRS15_gBC445M-BC445N/IFRS15_gBC445M-BC445N_TI" id="IFRS15_X2348">paragraphs BC445M&#x2013;BC445N</xref>.)</p>         </li><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>           <p base="F48807342" id="IFRS15_P3100"><b>Date of application of the contract modifications practical expedient</b>&#x2014;For an entity applying Topic 606 in accordance with paragraph 606&#x2011;10&#x2011;65&#x2011;1(d)(2) (equivalent to <xref base="F52283272" href="IFRS15_C3.dita#IFRS15_C3" id="IFRS15_X2349">paragraph C3(b) of IFRS 15</xref>), the FASB decided that the entity should apply the practical expedient at the date of initial application. However, the IASB decided that an entity applying IFRS 15 in accordance with paragraph C3(b) may apply the practical expedient either (a) at the beginning of the earliest period presented; or (b) at the date of initial application. (See <xref base="F52283273" href="IFRS15_gBC445O-BC445R.dita#IFRS15_gBC445O-BC445R/IFRS15_gBC445O-BC445R_TI" id="IFRS15_X2350">paragraphs BC445O&#x2013;BC445R</xref>.)</p>         </li></ol></body></paragraph>