<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="d5e1826"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0001">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0185">Paragraph 7 of IAS&#xa0;1 defines owners as holders of instruments classified as equity.&#xa0;</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0002">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0186">The consolidation guidance was removed from IAS&#xa0;27 and the Standard was renamed&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph>&#xa0;by&#xa0;<xref base="F16164990" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IFRIC17_X0069">IFRS&#xa0;10&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref>&#xa0;issued in May 2011. The accounting requirements for transactions between owners did not change.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0003">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0187">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0004">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0188">IFRS&#xa0;13&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value                  and contains the requirements for measuring fair value. IFRS&#xa0;13 defines a Level 1 input                  as a quoted price in an active market                  for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs                  include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IAS&#xa0;39 refers to unquoted equity instruments as &#x2018;an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0005">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0189">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;requires all investments in equity instruments to be measured at fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0006">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0190">IFRS&#xa0;13&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value          and contains the requirements for measuring fair value. IFRS&#xa0;13 defines a Level 1 input                  as a quoted price in an active market                  for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs                  include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IFRS&#xa0;9 refers to such equity instruments as &#x2018;an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0007">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0191">IFRS&#xa0;13, issued in May 2011, defines a Level 1 input                  as a quoted price in an active market                  for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs                  include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IAS&#xa0;39 refers to unquoted equity instruments as &#x2018;an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0008">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0192">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;deleted paragraphs&#xa0;AG80 and AG81 of IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;13&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May&#xa0;2011, defines fair value and contains requirements for measuring fair value. IFRS&#xa0;13 defines a Level&#xa0;1 input as a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability. Level&#xa0;2 inputs include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IFRS&#xa0;9 refers to such equity instruments as &#x2018;an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie&#xa0;a Level&#xa0;1 input)&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0009">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0193"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;13</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value and contains requirements for measuring fair value. IFRS&#xa0;13 defines a Level&#xa0;1 input as a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability. Level&#xa0;2 inputs include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IFRS&#xa0;9 refers to such equity instruments as &#x2018;an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0010">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0194">now paragraph 4.41 of the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>. References to the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;are to IASC&#x2019;s&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;with the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0011">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0195">References to the&#xa0;<i>Framework</i>&#xa0;in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC&#x2019;s&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Interpretation was developed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0012">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0196">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;eliminated the requirement in IAS&#xa0;39 for some assets to be measured using a historical cost basis.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0013">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0197"><xref base="F35623164" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IFRIC17_X0081">IFRS&#xa0;15&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May&#xa0;2014, replaced IAS&#xa0;18&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue</ph></ph>. IFRS&#xa0;15 does not address dividends. Dividends should be accounted for in accordance with IFRS&#xa0;9, or IAS&#xa0;39 if applicable.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0014">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0198">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0015">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0199">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;eliminated the category of available-for-sale financial assets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0016">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0200">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced the hedge accounting requirements in IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0017">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0201">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0018">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0202">now paragraph 4.47 of the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0019">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0203">now paragraph 4.10 of the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>