<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_glossaryofterms"><title base="F22250260" level="1" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_glossaryofterms_TI">Glossary of terms</title><body><bodydiv base="DPH2020">     <p base="F22253080" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_annualimprovements"><i>Annual improvements:</i> narrow-scope or minor amendments to IFRS Standards that are packaged together and exposed in one document even though the amendments are unrelated.</p>     <p base="F22253082" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_commentletter"><i>Comment letter:</i> a letter or a formal submission received by the Board in response to a consultation document. All comment letters are made public and can be viewed on the IFRS Foundation website.</p>     <p base="F22253084" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_consultativegroup"><i>Consultative group:</i> a group which the Board or the Interpretations Committee consults. Such groups provide the Board with feedback based on research, experience or background, for example, in order to offer different perspectives on a given topic. Consultative groups have their membership reviewed and endorsed by the DPOC. For each of its major projects, the Board considers whether it should establish a consultative group. If the Board decides not to establish a consultative group it explains its reasons in a public meeting.</p>     <p base="F22253086" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_discussionpaper"><i>Discussion paper:</i> a paper issued by the Board that presents the analysis and collective views of the Board on a particular topic. The matters presented will have been discussed in public meetings of the Board. Discussion papers are issued for public comment, the feedback from which informs the Board and helps it to assess whether and how to develop a new or amended IFRS Standard.</p>     <p base="F22253088" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_draftforeditorialreview"><i>Draft for editorial review:</i> a draft of a due process document that the Board and the technical staff use to gather drafting feedback. A draft for editorial review might be distributed to selected groups or be made available more generally on the IFRS Foundation website, or both. Reviewers are asked whether the draft document is clear and contains any inconsistencies. A draft for editorial review does not include an invitation to comment because the purpose of such a review is not to question the technical decisions. A draft for editorial review is not a mandatory step.</p>     <p base="F22253090" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_effectanalysis"><i>Effect analysis:</i> a process for assessing the likely effects of a proposed IFRS Standard, which is undertaken as the new requirements are developed, culminating in an analysis presented as part of, or with, the basis for conclusions published with a new IFRS Standard that summarises the Board&#x2019;s assessment of the likely effects of the new requirements.</p>     <p base="F22253092" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_exposuredraft"><i>Exposure draft:</i> a draft of a proposed IFRS Standard, amendment to a Standard or IFRIC Interpretation. An exposure draft sets out a specific proposal and includes a basis for conclusions and, if relevant, alternative views. An exposure draft is a mandatory due process step.</p>     <p base="F22253094" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_feedbackstatement"><i>Feedback statement:</i> a document that gives direct feedback to the comments that were submitted on the exposure draft. It identifies the most significant matters raised in the comment process and explains how the Board responded to those matters.</p>     <p base="F22253096" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_fieldwork"><i>Fieldwork:</i> work conducted with stakeholders to help the Board assess the likely effects of a proposed IFRS Standard. Fieldwork might include experimentally applying new proposals to individual transactions or contracts as if the proposed Standard was already in effect, asking for feedback on the proposed wording of a particular proposal or assessing the extent of system changes that would be required if a proposed Standard was implemented. Fieldwork also includes gathering examples from practice to help the Board gain a better understanding of industry practices and how proposed Standards could affect them.</p>     <p base="F22253098" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_iasbupdate"><i>IASB Update:</i> a summary of decisions made at a public meeting of the Board.</p>     <p base="F22253100" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_ifricupdate"><i>IFRIC Update:</i> a summary of decisions made at a public meeting of the Interpretations Committee.</p>     <p base="F22253106" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_ifricinterpretations"><i>IFRIC Interpretations:</i> Interpretations are developed by the Interpretations Committee before being ratified and issued by the Board. IFRIC Interpretations are part of IFRS Standards.</p>     <p base="F22253104" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_ifrsadvisorycouncil"><i>IFRS Advisory Council:</i> an advisory body that provides a formal vehicle through which organisations and individuals with an interest in international financial reporting can participate. The participants have diverse geographical and functional backgrounds. The Advisory Council&#x2019;s objective is to provide broad strategic advice to the Trustees and the Board. The members of the Advisory Council are appointed by the Trustees.</p>     <p base="F22253102" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_ifrsstandards"><i>IFRS Standards:</i> Standards and Interpretations issued by the Board. They comprise International Financial Reporting Standards, International Accounting Standards, IFRIC Interpretations and SIC Interpretations.</p>     <p base="F22253108" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_invitationtocomment"><i>Invitation to comment:</i> a document that accompanies a discussion paper or exposure draft and sets out the matters on which the Board is seeking feedback.</p>     <p base="F22253110" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_postimplementationreview"><i>Post-implementation review:</i> a review of an IFRS Standard or major amendment to a Standard. It is undertaken by the Board.</p>     <p base="F22253112" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_practiceguidance"><i>Practice guidance:</i> non-mandatory guidance developed by the Board, normally on a topic not addressed by an IFRS Standard&#x2014;such as guidance on management commentary.</p>     <p base="F22253114" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_publichearing"><i>Public hearing:</i> a meeting with interested organisations to listen to, and exchange views on, specific topics. Public hearings include round-table meetings and discussion forums.</p>     <p base="F22253116" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_reexposure"><i>Re-exposure:</i> a formal request for comments on a revised version of an exposure draft.</p>     <p base="F22253120" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_requestforinformation"><i>Request for information:</i> a formal consultation step that the Board undertakes to receive feedback and information on a specific aspect of one of its projects. A request for information normally helps the Board to prepare an exposure draft or finalise an IFRS Standard. A request for information is not a mandatory due process step.</p>     <p base="F22253118" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_researchpaper"><i>Research paper:</i> a paper issued by the Board that was not developed in public meetings, thereby distinguishing it from a discussion paper. Research papers may be prepared by the technical staff. Research papers may also be prepared by other standard-setters or bodies, normally at the request of the Board. A research paper is not a mandatory due process step.</p>     <p base="F22253122" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_simplemajority"><i>Simple majority:</i> for the Board, a simple majority is achieved when more than half of the Board members vote in favour of a decision in a public meeting attended by at least 60% of the Board members or when more than half of the Board members vote in favour of issuing a document by way of ballot. Abstaining is equivalent to voting against a proposal.</p>     <p base="F22253124" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_snapshot"><i>Snapshot:</i> a high-level and simplified summary of the main aspects of a discussion paper or exposure draft.</p>     <p base="F22253127" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_supermajority"><i>Supermajority:</i> for the Board, a supermajority is achieved when eight members ballot in favour of the publication of a document if the Board has 13, or fewer, appointed members, and nine in favour if the Board has 14 appointed members. Abstaining is equivalent to voting against a proposal.</p>     <p base="F22253129" id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_sweepissue"><i>Sweep issue:</i> a technical matter identified during the balloting of a document that needs to be resolved by a discussion by the Board or the Interpretations Committee in a public meeting.</p>   </bodydiv></body></topic>