<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2.15" base="F22249644"><paranum>2.15</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Foundation"/><data name="paranum" value="2.15"/></prolog><body><bodydiv base="DPH2020">       <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2.15_P0036">The DPOC operates transparently and with fair         consideration of the matters raised by stakeholders. The DPOC:</p>       <ol id="DPH2020_L0004" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2.15_P0037">meets in public, ensuring that meeting papers and             recordings of the meeting are made available on the IFRS Foundation website.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2.15_P0038">updates the Trustees on its activities at regularly             scheduled Trustee meetings and on an ad-hoc basis as required.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2.15_P0039">on behalf of the Trustees, provides updates to the             Monitoring Board at regularly scheduled joint sessions with the Trustees and on an             ad-hoc basis as required.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2.15_P0040">provides reports of its conclusions and discussions             on the IFRS Foundation website. The reports include details of all the matters             discussed, including compliance with due process on each of the technical activities.             Such reports should be provided promptly after the DPOC meetings.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2.15_P0041">prepares an annual report of its activities for the             Trustees.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_2.15_P0042">ensures that its operating protocol, together with             this document and any other DPOC governance documents, are available on the IFRS             Foundation website.</p></li></ol>     </bodydiv></body></paragraph>