<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_3.75R3.79" base="F22249888"><paranum><ph base="DPH2020">3.79</ph></paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Foundation"/><data name="paranum" value="3.79" base="DPH2020"/></prolog><body><bodydiv base="DPH2020">       <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_3.79_P0161">In assessing the likely effects, the Board focuses on         assessing how financial statements are likely to change because of the new financial         reporting requirements, whether those changes will improve the quality of financial         statements and whether those changes are justifiable. The Board considers matters such         as:</p>       <ol id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_3.79_L0010" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_3.79_P0162">how the proposed changes are likely to affect the             reporting of activities in the financial statements of those applying IFRS             Standards.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_3.79_P0163">how those proposed changes are likely to affect the             comparability of financial information between different reporting periods for an             individual entity and between different entities in a particular reporting           period.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_3.79_P0164">how the proposed changes are likely to affect the             ability of a user of financial statements to assess the future cash flows of an             entity.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_3.79_P0165">how the proposed changes to financial reporting are             likely to affect economic decision-making.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_3.79_P0166">the likely effect on compliance costs for preparers,             both on initial application and on an ongoing basis.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>           <p id="DUEPROCESSHANDBOOK_3.79_P0167">the likely effects on the costs of analysis for             users of financial statements (including any costs of extracting data, identifying how             the data has been measured and adjusting data for the purposes of including them in, for             example, a valuation model). The Board also considers the costs incurred by users of             financial statements when information is not available and the comparative advantage             that preparers have in developing information, when compared with the costs that users             would incur to develop surrogate information.</p></li></ol>     </bodydiv></body></paragraph>