<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS12_0006" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title id="IAS12_0006_TI" base="F46911280" level="2" class="- topic/title ">Utilisation of deductible temporary differences</title><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS12_P2351" base="F46911281" class="- topic/p ">With some exceptions, deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences are recognised to the extent that sufficient future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences are utilised (see paragraph 24 of the Standard).</p><p id="IAS12_P2352" base="F46911282" class="- topic/p ">Paragraphs 28–29 of IAS 12 identify the sources of taxable profits against which an entity can utilise deductible temporary differences. They include:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS12_L0050" base="F46911284" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS12_P2353" base="F46911287" class="- topic/p ">future reversal of existing taxable temporary differences;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS12_P2354" base="F46911288" class="- topic/p ">taxable profit in future periods; and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS12_P2355" base="F46911290" class="- topic/p ">tax planning opportunities.</p></li></ol><p id="IAS12_P2356" base="F46911291" class="- topic/p ">The deductible temporary difference that arises from Debt Instrument C is assessed separately for utilisation. This is because tax law classifies the loss resulting from recovering the carrying amount of Debt Instrument C by sale as capital and allows capital losses to be offset only against capital gains (see paragraph 27A of the Standard).</p><p id="IAS12_P2357" base="F46911292" class="- topic/p ">The separate assessment results in not recognising a deferred tax asset for the deductible temporary difference that arises from Debt Instrument C because Entity Z has no source of taxable profit available that tax law classifies as capital.</p><p id="IAS12_P2358" base="F46911293" class="- topic/p ">In contrast, the deductible temporary difference that arises from Debt Instrument A and other sources are assessed for utilisation in combination with one another. This is because their related tax deductions would be classified as ordinary by tax law.</p><p id="IAS12_P2359" base="F46911294" class="- topic/p ">The tax deductions represented by the deductible temporary differences related to Debt Instrument A are classified as ordinary because the tax law classifies the effect on taxable profit (tax loss) from deducting the tax base on maturity as ordinary.</p><p id="IAS12_P2360" base="F46911295" class="- topic/p ">In assessing the utilisation of deductible temporary differences on 31 December 20X1, the following two steps are performed by Entity Z.</p></body></topic>