<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS12_0003" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title id="IAS12_0003_TI" base="F46911245" level="2" class="- topic/title ">Tax law</title><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS12_P2303" base="F46911246" class="- topic/p ">The tax base of the debt instruments is cost, which tax law allows to be offset either on maturity when principal is paid or against the sale proceeds when the debt instruments are sold . Tax law specifies that gains (losses) on the debt instruments are taxable (deductible) only when realised.</p><p id="IAS12_P2304" base="F46911247" class="- topic/p ">Tax law distinguishes ordinary gains and losses from capital gains and losses. Ordinary losses can be offset against both ordinary gains and capital gains. Capital losses can only be offset against capital gains. Capital losses can be carried forward for 5 years and ordinary losses can be carried forward for 20 years.</p><p id="IAS12_P2305" base="F46911248" class="- topic/p ">Ordinary gains are taxed at 30 per cent and capital gains are taxed at 10 per cent.</p><p id="IAS12_P2306" base="F46911249" class="- topic/p ">Tax law classifies interest income from the debt instruments as ‘ordinary’ and gains and losses arising on the sale of the debt instruments as ‘capital’. Losses that arise if the issuer of the debt instrument fails to pay the principal on maturity are classified as ordinary by tax law.</p></body></topic>