<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="d5e3466"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IAS21_FN0001">       <p id="IAS21_P0255">See also&#xa0;<xref base="F19177810" href="../sic07/SIC07_TI.dita#d33e82/SIC07_TI0002" id="IAS21_X0234"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;7</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Introduction of the Euro</ph></ph></xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS21_FN0002">       <p id="IAS21_P0256">See also&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;7</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Introduction of the Euro</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS21_FN0007">       <p id="IAS21_P0267">The term &#x2018;parent&#x2019; is used broadly in this context to mean an entity that has a branch, associate or joint venture, as well as one with a subsidiary.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS21_FN0008">       <p id="IAS21_P0268">IAS&#xa0;21 (revised 1993),&#xa0;<xref base="F16739396" href="IAS21_24.dita#IAS21_24" id="IAS21_X0235">paragraph 24</xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS21_FN0009">       <p id="IAS21_P0269">This includes entities operating in another country and, for example, publishing financial statements to comply with a listing requirement of that country.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS21_FN0010">       <p id="IAS21_P0270">This is to translate balance sheet items at the closing rate and income and expense items at actual (or average) rates, except for an entity whose functional currency is that of a hyperinflationary economy.&#xa0;</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS21_FN0011">       <p id="IAS21_P0271">IAS&#xa0;21 (revised 1993),&#xa0;<xref base="F16452878" href="IAS21_21.dita#IAS21_21" id="IAS21_X0236">paragraph 21</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS21_FN0012">       <p id="IAS21_P0272">In September 2010 the IASB replaced the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;with the&#xa0;<xref base="F16452879" href="../cf2010/CF2010_TOC0001.dita#CF2010_TOC0001" id="IAS21_X0237"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS21_FN0013">       <p id="IAS21_P0273">The reference is to the IASC&#x2019;s&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was revised.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS21_FN0014">       <p id="IAS21_P0274">As a consequence of the revision of&#xa0;<xref base="F16452915" href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" id="IAS21_X0238">IAS&#xa0;1&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref>&#xa0;in 2007 such differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS21_FN0015">       <p id="IAS21_P0275">This heading and paragraphs BC33 and BC34 were added as a consequence of amendments to&#xa0;<xref base="F16452957" href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001" id="IAS21_X0239">IAS&#xa0;27&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref>&#xa0;made as part of the second phase of the business combinations project in 2008. The consolidation requirements in IAS&#xa0;27 were superseded by&#xa0;<xref base="F16452958" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IAS21_X0240">IFRS&#xa0;10&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref>&#xa0;issued in May 2011. The accounting requirements did not change.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS21_FN0016">       <p id="IAS21_P0276">&#x2018;Jointly controlled entities&#x2019; were defined in&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;31</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Interests in Joint Ventures</ph></ph>.&#xa0;<xref base="F16452959" href="../ifrs11/IFRS11_TOC.dita#IFRS11_TOC0001" id="IAS21_X0241"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;11</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2011, replaced IAS&#xa0;31 and changed the terminology.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS21_FN0017">       <p id="IAS21_P0277">The consolidation guidance was removed from IAS&#xa0;27 and the Standard was renamed&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph>&#xa0;by&#xa0;<xref base="F16452962" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IAS21_X0242">IFRS&#xa0;10&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref>&#xa0;issued in May 2011. The accounting requirements for dividends were not changed.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>