<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e7694" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IAS28_FN0007" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS28_P0566" class="- topic/p ">Ms Patricia McConnell (former IASB member) intended to dissent from the issue of the amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 for the same reasons as Ms Lloyd and Mr Ochi. Her dissenting opinion is not included in these amendments, because her term as an IASB member expired on 30 June 2014.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0008" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS28_P0567" class="- topic/p ">In October 2012 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F24731263" id="IAS28_X0540" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10</xref>, <xref href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_TOC.dita#IFRS12_TOC0001" base="F24731303" id="IAS28_X0541" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 12</xref> and <xref href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001" base="F24731304" id="IAS28_X0542" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 27</xref>), which required investment entities, as defined in IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph>, to measure their investments in subsidiaries, other than those providing investment-related services or activities, at fair value through profit or loss. The amendments did not introduce any new accounting requirements for investments in associates or joint ventures.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0009" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS28_P0568" class="- topic/p ">In October 2012 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F38872874" id="IAS28_X0543" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10</xref>, <xref href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_TOC.dita#IFRS12_TOC0001" base="F38872875" id="IAS28_X0544" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 12</xref> and <xref href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001" base="F38872876" id="IAS28_X0545" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 27</xref>), which required investment entities, as defined in IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph>, to measure their investments in subsidiaries, other than those providing investment-related services or activities, at fair value through profit or loss. The amendments did not introduce any new accounting requirements for investments in associates or joint ventures.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0010" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS28_P0569" class="- topic/p ">In December 2014, the IASB issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities: Applying the Consolidation Exception</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, IFRS 12 and IAS 28). The amendments introduced relief to permit a non-investment entity investor in an associate or joint venture that is an investment entity to retain the fair value through profit or loss measurement applied by the associate or joint venture to its subsidiaries (see paragraphs BC46A–BC46G).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0011" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS28_P0570" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 11</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, uses the term ‘joint venturers’ to designate parties that have joint control of a joint venture.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0012" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS28_P0571" class="- topic/p ">The reference is to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>, issued in 2010 and in effect when the Standard was amended.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0013" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS28_P0572" class="- topic/p ">SIC‑13 has been withdrawn. The requirements in SIC‑13are incorporated into IAS 28 (as amended in 2011).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0014" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS28_P0573" class="- topic/p ">IAS 31 was superseded by IFRS 11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph> issued in May 2011.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0015" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS28_P0574" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that previously were within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0016" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS28_P0575" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> eliminated the category of available-for-sale financial assets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0017" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS28_P0576" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that previously were within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0018" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS28_P0577" class="- topic/p ">In this document, monetary items are denominated by ‘currency units’ (CU).</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>