<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e13664" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IAS33_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2104" class="- topic/p ">In this guidance, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0003" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2111" class="- topic/p ">at 7%</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0004" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2112" class="- topic/p ">This is before dividend payment.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0005" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2113" class="- topic/p ">Treasury shares are equity instruments reacquired and held by the issuing entity itself or by its subsidiaries.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0006" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2114" class="- topic/p ">Earnings have not increased because the total number of shares has increased only by the number of shares (25,000) deemed to have been issued for no consideration (see <xref href="IAS33_46.dita#IAS33_46" base="F16144738" id="IAS33_X0300" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 46(b)</xref> of the Standard).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0007" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2115" class="- topic/p ">This example does not illustrate the classification of the components of convertible financial instruments as liabilities and equity or the classification of related interest and dividends as expenses and equity as required by <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001" base="F16144771" id="IAS33_X0301" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 32</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0008" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2116" class="- topic/p ">5,000 shares × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">2</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">3</sub></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0009" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2117" class="- topic/p ">5,000 shares + (5,000 shares × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">1</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">3</sub>)</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0010" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2118" class="- topic/p ">(5,000 shares × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">8</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">12</sub>) + (5,000 shares × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">4</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">12</sub>)</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0011" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2119" class="- topic/p ">The earnings contingency has no effect on basic earnings per share because it is not certain that the condition is satisfied until the end of the contingency period. The effect is negligible for the fourth‑quarter and full‑year calculations because it is not certain that the condition is met until the last day of the period.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0012" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2120" class="- topic/p ">Company A does not have year-to-date profit exceeding CU2,000,000 at 31 March 20X1. The Standard does not permit projecting future earnings levels and including the related contingent shares.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0013" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2121" class="- topic/p ">[(CU2,300,000 – CU2,000,000) ÷ 1,000] × 1,000 shares = 300,000 shares.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0014" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2122" class="- topic/p ">Year-to-date profit is less than CU2,000,000.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0015" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2123" class="- topic/p ">[(CU2,900,000 – CU2,000,000) ÷ 1,000] × 1,000 shares = 900,000 shares.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0016" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2124" class="- topic/p ">Because the loss during the third quarter is attributable to a loss from a discontinued operation, the antidilution rules do not apply. The control number (ie profit or loss from, continuing operations attributable to the equity holders of the parent entity) is positive. Accordingly, the effect of potential ordinary shares is included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0017" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2125" class="- topic/p ">This represents the present value of the principal and interest discounted at 9% – CU2,000,000 payable at the end of three years; CU120,000 payable annually in arrears for three years.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0018" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2126" class="- topic/p ">Profit is adjusted for the accretion of CU166,331 (CU1,848,122 × 9%) of the liability because of the passage of time.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0019" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2127" class="- topic/p ">500,000 ordinary shares = 250 ordinary shares × 2,000 convertible bonds</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0020" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2128" class="- topic/p ">This example does not illustrate the classification of the components of convertible financial instruments as liabilities and equity or the classification of related interest and dividends as expenses and equity as required by <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001" base="F16453828" id="IAS33_X0302" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 32</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0021" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2129" class="- topic/p ">(CU4,000,000) ÷ 2,000,000 = (CU2.00)</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0022" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2130" class="- topic/p ">(CU4,000,000) ÷ 4,020,000 = (CU0.99)</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0023" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2131" class="- topic/p ">CU6,000,000 ÷ 2,000,000 = CU3.00</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0024" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2132" class="- topic/p ">(CU6,000,000 + CU3,000,000) ÷ 4,020,000 = CU2.24</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0025" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2133" class="- topic/p ">This example does not illustrate the classification of the components of convertible financial instruments as liabilities and equity or the classification of related interest and dividends as expenses and equity as required by <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001" base="F16453829" id="IAS33_X0303" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 32</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0026" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2134" class="- topic/p ">Subsidiary's profit attributable to ordinary equity holders.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0027" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2135" class="- topic/p ">Dividends paid by subsidiary on convertible preference shares.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0028" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2136" class="- topic/p ">Subsidiary's ordinary shares outstanding.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0029" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2137" class="- topic/p ">Subsidiary's profit attributable to ordinary equity holders (CU5,000) increased by CU400 preference dividends for the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0030" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2138" class="- topic/p ">Incremental shares from warrants, calculated: [(CU20 – CU10) ÷ CU20] × 150.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0031" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2139" class="- topic/p ">Subsidiary's ordinary shares assumed outstanding from conversion of convertible preference shares, calculated: 400 convertible preference shares × conversion factor of 1.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0032" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2140" class="- topic/p ">Parent's profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent entity.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0033" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2141" class="- topic/p ">Portion of subsidiary’s profit to be included in consolidated basic earnings per share, calculated: (800 × CU5.00) + (300 × CU1.00).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0034" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2142" class="- topic/p ">Parent’s ordinary shares outstanding.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0035" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2143" class="- topic/p ">Parent’s proportionate interest in subsidiary’s earnings attributable to ordinary shares, calculated: (800 ÷ 1,000) × (1,000 shares × CU3.66 per share).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0036" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2144" class="- topic/p ">Parent’s proportionate interest in subsidiary’s earnings attributable to warrants, calculated: (30 ÷ 150) × (75 incremental shares × CU3.66 per share).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0037" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2145" class="- topic/p ">Parent’s proportionate interest in subsidiary’s earnings attributable to convertible preference shares, calculated: (300 ÷ 400) × (400 shares from conversion × CU3.66 per share).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0038" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2146" class="- topic/p ">This example does not illustrate the classification of the components of convertible financial instruments as liabilities and equity or the classification of related interest and dividends as expenses and equity as required by <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001" base="F16453832" id="IAS33_X0304" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 32</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0039" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2147" class="- topic/p ">This example does not illustrate the classification of the components of convertible financial instruments as liabilities and equity or the classification of related interest and dividends as expenses and equity as required by <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001" base="F16453864" id="IAS33_X0305" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 32</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0040" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2148" class="- topic/p ">This is the control number (before adjusting for preference dividends).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0041" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2149" class="- topic/p ">Company A had a CU2,000,000 loss (net of tax) from discontinued operations in the third quarter.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0042" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2150" class="- topic/p ">800,000 shares × CU0.05</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0043" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2151" class="- topic/p ">(CU12,000,000 × 5%) ÷ 4; less taxes at 40%</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0044" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2152" class="- topic/p ">The warrants were not assumed to be exercised because they were antidilutive in the period (CU55 [exercise price] &gt; CU49 [average price]).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0045" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2153" class="- topic/p ">200,000 shares × CU0.05</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0046" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2154" class="- topic/p ">CU55 × 600,000 = CU33,000,000; CU33,000,000 ÷ CU60 = 550,000; 600,000 – 550,000 = 50,000 shares OR [(CU60 – CU55) ÷ CU60] × 600,000 shares = 50,000 shares</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0047" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2155" class="- topic/p ">(800,000 shares × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">2</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">3</sub>) + (200,000 shares × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">1</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">3</sub>)</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0048" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2156" class="- topic/p ">[(CU65 − CU55) ÷ CU65] × 600,000 = 92,308 shares; 92,308 × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">2</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">3</sub> = 61,538 shares</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0049" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2157" class="- topic/p ">(CU12,000,000 × 5%) ÷ 4; less taxes at 40%.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0050" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2158" class="- topic/p ">[(CU57.125* – CU55) ÷ CU57.125] × 600,000 = 22,320 shares; 22,320 × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">8</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">12</sub> = 14,880 shares*. The average market price from 1 January 20X1 to 1 September 20X1.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0051" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2159" class="- topic/p ">(800,000 shares × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">5</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">12</sub>) + (200,000 shares × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">7</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">12</sub>).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS33_FN0052" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS33_P2160" class="- topic/p ">480,000 shares × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">3</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">12</sub>.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>