<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS36_BCZ17" base="SL31889" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BCZ17</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BCZ17" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS36_P2492" class="- topic/p ">IASC rejected the proposal that an asset’s recoverable amount should be determined by reference to its fair value (based on observable market prices or, if no observable market prices exist, estimated considering prices for similar assets and the results of discounted future cash flow calculations). The reasons are the following: </p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL149251" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS36_L0101" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL149253" id="IAS36_P2493" class="- topic/p ">IASC believed that no preference should be given to the market’s expectation of the recoverable amount of an asset (basis for fair value when market values are available and for net selling price) over a reasonable estimate performed by the individual enterprise that owns the asset (basis for fair value when market values are not available and for value in use). For example, an enterprise may have information about future cash flows that is superior to the information available in the marketplace. Also, an enterprise may plan to use an asset in a manner different from the market’s view of the best use.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL149255" id="IAS36_P2494" class="- topic/p ">market values are a way to estimate fair value but only if they reflect the fact that both parties, the acquirer and the seller, are willing to enter a transaction. If an enterprise can generate greater cash flows by using an asset than by selling it, it would be misleading to base recoverable amount on the market price of the asset because a rational enterprise would not be willing to sell the asset. Therefore, recoverable amount should not refer only to a transaction between two parties (which is unlikely to happen) but should also consider an asset’s service potential from its use by the enterprise.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p base="SL149257" id="IAS36_P2495" class="- topic/p ">IASC believed that in assessing the recoverable amount of an asset, it is the amount that an enterprise can expect to recover from that asset, including the effect of synergy with other assets, that is relevant.</p>       </li></ol><p base="SL149258" id="IAS36_P2496" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The following two examples illustrate the proposal (rejected by IASC) that an enterprise should measure an asset’s recoverable amount at its fair value (primarily based on observable market values if these values are available).</i></p><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL78460" frame="all" orient="port" id="IAS36_TAB0039" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" valign="middle" class="- topic/entry ">               Example 1             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL149259" id="IAS36_P2498" class="- topic/p ">10 years ago, an enterprise bought its headquarters building for 2,000. Since then, the real estate market has collapsed and the building’s market value at balance sheet date is estimated to be 1,000. Disposal costs of the building would be negligible. The building’s carrying amount at the balance sheet date is 1,500 and its remaining useful life is 30 years. The building meets all the enterprise’s expectations and it is likely that these expectations will be met for the foreseeable future. As a consequence, the enterprise has no plans to move from its current headquarters. The value in use of the building cannot be determined because the building does not generate independent cash inflows. Therefore, the enterprise assesses the recoverable amount of the building’s cash‑generating unit, that is, the enterprise as a whole. That calculation shows that the building’s cash‑generating unit is not impaired.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL149260" id="IAS36_P2499" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Proponents of fair value (primarily based on observable market values if these values are available) would measure the recoverable amount of the building at its market value (1,000) and, hence, would recognise an impairment loss of 500 (1,500 less 1,000), even though calculations show that the building’s cash‑generating unit is not impaired.</i></p>               <p base="SL149261" id="IAS36_P2500" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">IASC did not support this approach and believed that the building was not impaired. IASC believed that, in the situation described, the enterprise would not be willing to sell the building for 1,000 and that the assumption of a sale was not relevant.</i></p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL78461" frame="all" orient="port" id="IAS36_TAB0040" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="7*" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="left" colnum="2" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C2" colwidth="93*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" rowsep="1" valign="top" namest="C1" nameend="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               Example 2             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="3" class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL149262" id="IAS36_P2502" class="- topic/p ">At the end of 20X0, an enterprise purchased a computer for 100 for general use in its operations. The computer is depreciated over 4 years on a straight‑line basis. Residual value is estimated to be nil. At the end of 20X2, the carrying amount of the computer is 50. There is an active market for second‑hand computers of this type. The market value of the computer is 30. The enterprise does not intend to replace the computer before the end of its useful life. The computer’s cash‑generating unit is not impaired.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL149263" id="IAS36_P2503" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Proponents of fair value (primarily based on observable market values if these values are available) would measure the recoverable amount of the computer at its market value (30) and, therefore, would recognise an impairment loss of 20 (50 less 30) even though the computer’s cash‑generating unit is not impaired.</i></p>               <p base="SL149264" id="IAS36_P2504" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">IASC did not support this approach and believed that the computer was not impaired as long as:</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL149265" id="IAS36_P2505" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(a)</i></p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL149266" id="IAS36_P2506" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">the enterprise was not committed to dispose of the computer before the end of its expected useful life; and</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL149267" id="IAS36_P2507" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(b)</i></p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL149268" id="IAS36_P2508" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">the computer’s cash‑generating unit was not impaired.</i></p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>