<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e24327" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IAS36_FN0004" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3135" class="- topic/p ">In the case of an intangible asset, the term ‘amortisation’ is generally used instead of ‘depreciation’. The two terms have the same meaning.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0005" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3136" class="- topic/p ">Once an asset meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale (or is included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale), it is excluded from the scope of this Standard and is accounted for in accordance with <xref href="../ifrs05/IFRS05_TOC.dita#IFRS05_TOC0001" base="F7404194" id="IAS36_X0836" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 5 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Non‑current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations</i></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0009" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3140" class="- topic/p ">In this Standard, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0011" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3142" class="- topic/p ">Activities in each country represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes (determined as the difference between the purchase price of the activities in each country, as specified in the purchase agreement, and the fair value of the identifiable assets).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0012" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3143" class="- topic/p ">The present value factor is calculated as k = 1/(1+a)<sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">n</sup>, where a = discount rate and n = period of discount.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0013" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3144" class="- topic/p ">Based on management’s best estimate of net cash flow projections (after the 40% cut).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0014" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3145" class="- topic/p ">Based on an extrapolation from preceding year cash flow using declining growth rates.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0015" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3146" class="- topic/p ">After recognition of the impairment loss at the beginning of 20X2, T revised the depreciation charge for the Country A identifiable assets (from CU166.7 per year to CU123.6 per year), based on the revised carrying amount and remaining useful life (11 years).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0016" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3147" class="- topic/p ">Excludes estimated restructuring costs reflected in management budgets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0017" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3148" class="- topic/p ">Excludes estimated benefits expected from the restructuring reflected in management budgets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0018" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3149" class="- topic/p ">Excludes estimated restructuring costs because a liability has already been recognised.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0019" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3150" class="- topic/p ">Includes estimated benefits expected from the restructuring reflected in management budgets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0020" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3151" class="- topic/p ">The reversal does not result in the carrying amount of the plant exceeding what its carrying amount would have been at depreciated historical cost. Therefore, the full reversal of the impairment loss is recognised.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0021" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3152" class="- topic/p ">Includes estimated costs necessary to maintain the level of economic benefit expected to arise from the machine in its current condition.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0022" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3153" class="- topic/p ">Excludes estimated costs to enhance the machine’s performance reflected in management budgets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0023" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3154" class="- topic/p ">Excludes estimated benefits expected from enhancing the machine’s performance reflected in management budgets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0024" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3155" class="- topic/p ">Includes estimated benefits expected from enhancing the machine’s performance reflected in management budgets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0025" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3156" class="- topic/p ">The value in use of the machine exceeds what its carrying amount would have been at depreciated historical cost. Therefore, the reversal is limited to an amount that does not result in the carrying amount of the machine exceeding depreciated historical cost.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0026" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3157" class="- topic/p ">It is assumed that the research centre generates additional future cash flows for the entity as a whole. Therefore, the sum of the value in use of each individual cash-generating unit is less than the value in use of the business as a whole. The additional cash flows are not attributable to the headquarters building.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0027" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3158" class="- topic/p ">The key assumptions shown in this table for units A and B are only those that are used in the recoverable amount calculations for both units.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0028" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3159" class="- topic/p ">In <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 5</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Non‑current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations</ph></ph>, issued by the IASB in 2004, the term ‘net selling price’ was replaced in IAS 36 by ‘fair value less costs to sell’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0029" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3160" class="- topic/p ">The consolidation requirements in IAS 27 were superseded by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F16164923" id="IAS36_X0839" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0030" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3161" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" base="F35623115" id="IAS36_X0840" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2014, replaced IAS 11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Construction Contracts</ph></ph>. IFRS 15 includes requirements for the impairment of some assets arising from contracts with customers and amended <xref href="IAS36_2.dita#IAS36_2" base="F35623116" id="IAS36_X0841" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 2 of IAS 36</xref> for consistency with the requirements of IFRS 15.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0031" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3162" class="- topic/p ">sentence deleted when IAS 19 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph> was amended in 2011.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0032" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3163" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0033" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3164" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value                  and contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a result the term ‘market value’ has been changed to ‘fair value’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0034" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3165" class="- topic/p ">In <xref href="../ifrs05/IFRS05_TOC.dita#IFRS05_TOC0001" base="F16145405" id="IAS36_X0843" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 5 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Non‑current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations</ph></ph></xref>, issued by the IASB in 2004, the term ‘net selling price’ was replaced in IAS 36 by ‘fair value less costs to sell’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0035" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3166" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines fair value and contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0036" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3167" class="- topic/p ">In 2005 the IASB amended <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001" base="F16145406" id="IAS36_X0844" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 32</xref> as <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial Instruments: Presentation</i>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0037" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3168" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines fair value                  as an exit price.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0038" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3169" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines fair value and contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a consequence the relevant requirements in IAS 16 and IAS 39 have been deleted from those Standards.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0039" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3170" class="- topic/p ">IASC approved an International Accounting Standard on intangible assets in 1998.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0040" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3171" class="- topic/p ">IASC approved revisions to IAS 22 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph> in 1998.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0041" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3172" class="- topic/p ">The IASB’s project to revise IAS 32 and IAS 39 in 2003 resulted in the relocation of the requirements on fair value measurement from IAS 32 to IAS 39. In 2011 the IASB’s project on fair value measurement resulted in the relocation of the requirements for measuring fair value to IFRS 13.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0042" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3173" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines fair value and contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a consequence the relevant requirements in IAS 16 and IAS 39 have been deleted from those Standards.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0043" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3174" class="- topic/p ">IASC approved an International Accounting Standard on intangible assets in 1998.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0044" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3175" class="- topic/p ">IASC approved revisions to IAS 22 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph> in 1998.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0045" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3176" class="- topic/p ">The Board’s project to revise IAS 32 and IAS 39 in 2003 resulted in the relocation of the requirements on fair value measurement from IAS 32 to IAS 39. Subsequently to that, IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39. In 2011 the Board’s project on fair value measurement resulted in the relocation of the requirements for measuring fair value to IFRS 13.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0046" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3177" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, describes valuation techniques                  for measuring the fair value of an asset that is being used                  (and would not be sold) by an entity, eg a current replacement cost                  valuation technique.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0047" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3178" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, describes the objective of a fair value measurement                  and the use of market participant assumptions.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0048" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3179" class="- topic/p ">In <xref href="../ifrs05/IFRS05_TOC.dita#IFRS05_TOC0001" base="F16145437" id="IAS36_X0852" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 5</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Non‑current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations</ph></ph></xref>, issued by the IASB in 2004, the term ‘net selling price’ was replaced in IAS 36 by ‘fair value less costs to sell’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0049" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3180" class="- topic/p ">In <xref href="../ifrs05/IFRS05_TOC.dita#IFRS05_TOC0001" base="F16145444" id="IAS36_X0853" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 5</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Non‑current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations</ph></ph></xref>, issued by the IASB in 2004, the term ‘net selling price’ was replaced in IAS 36 by ‘fair value less costs to sell’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0050" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3181" class="- topic/p ">IASC approved an International Accounting Standard on provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets in 1998.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0051" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3182" class="- topic/p "> IASC approved an International Accounting Standard on intangible assets in 1998.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0052" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3183" class="- topic/p ">In <xref href="../ias21/IAS21_TOC.dita#IAS21_TOC0001" base="F16145477" id="IAS36_X0854" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 21 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates</ph></ph></xref>, as revised by the IASB in 2003, the term ‘reporting currency’ was replaced by ‘functional currency’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0053" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3184" class="- topic/p ">In <xref href="../ias21/IAS21_TOC.dita#IAS21_TOC0001" base="F16145479" id="IAS36_X0855" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 21 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates</ph></ph></xref>, as revised by the IASB in 2003, the term ‘reporting currency’ was replaced by ‘functional currency’. </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0054" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3185" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a consequence paragraph 27 of IAS 36 has been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0055" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3186" class="- topic/p ">The field visits were conducted from early December 2002 to early April 2003, and involved IASB members and staff in meetings with 41 companies in Australia, France, Germany, Japan, South Africa, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. IASB members and staff also took part in a series of round‑table discussions with auditors, preparers, accounting standard‑setters and regulators in Canada and the United States on implementation issues encountered by North American companies during first‑time application of US Statements of Financial Accounting Standards 141 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph> and 142 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets</ph></ph>, and the equivalent Canadian Handbook Sections, which were issued in June 2001. </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0056" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3187" class="- topic/p ">The requirement to exclude future capital expenditure that will improve or enhance the asset in excess of its originally assessed standard of performance was amended in 2003 as a consequential amendment arising from the revision of IAS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph>. <xref href="IAS36_44.dita#IAS36_44" base="F16145551" id="IAS36_X0856" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 44</xref> of IAS 36 now requires estimates of future cash flows to exclude future cash inflows or outflows that are expected to arise from improving or enhancing the asset’s performance.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0057" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3188" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0058" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3189" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a consequence paragraphs 25–27 of IAS 36 have been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0059" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3190" class="- topic/p ">The requirement to exclude future capital expenditure that will improve or enhance the asset in excess of its originally assessed standard of performance was amended in 2003 as a consequential amendment arising from the revision of IAS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph>. <xref href="IAS36_44.dita#IAS36_44" base="F16145555" id="IAS36_X0857" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 44 of IAS 36</xref> now requires estimates of future cash flows to exclude future cash inflows or outflows that are expected to arise from improving or enhancing the asset’s performance.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0060" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3191" class="- topic/p ">In <xref href="../ifrs05/IFRS05_TOC.dita#IFRS05_TOC0001" base="F16145593" id="IAS36_X0858" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 5</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Non‑current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations</ph></ph></xref>, issued by the IASB in 2004, the term ‘net selling price’ was replaced in IAS 36 by ‘fair value less costs to sell’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0061" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3192" class="- topic/p ">The requirements relating to contingencies in the 1994 version of IAS 10 were replaced in 1998 with the requirements in <xref href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" base="F16145632" id="IAS36_X0859" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 37 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0062" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3193" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0063" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3194" class="- topic/p ">In <xref href="../ifrs05/IFRS05_TOC.dita#IFRS05_TOC0001" base="F16145633" id="IAS36_X0860" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 5 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Non‑current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations</ph></ph></xref>, issued by the IASB in 2004, the term ‘net selling price’ was replaced in IAS 36 by ‘fair value less costs to sell’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0064" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3195" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F16145634" id="IAS36_X0861" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> (as revised in 2007) requires an entity to present all income and expense items in one statement of comprehensive income or in two statements (a separate income statement and a statement of comprehensive income).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0065" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3196" class="- topic/p ">As a consequence of the revision of <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F16145635" id="IAS36_X0862" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1</xref> (revised 2007) an impairment loss is recognised in other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0066" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3197" class="- topic/p ">In the second phase of its business combinations project, the Board revised the definition and measurement of goodwill in <xref href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001" base="F16145752" id="IAS36_X0863" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 3</xref>. See <xref href="IAS36_32.dita#IAS36_32" base="F16145753" id="IAS36_X0864" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 32</xref> and <xref href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_APPA.dita#IFRS03_APPA" base="F16145754" id="IAS36_X0865" class="- topic/xref ">Appendix A of IFRS 3</xref> (as revised in 2008).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0067" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3198" class="- topic/p ">In 2006 IAS 14 was replaced by IFRS 8 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Operating Segments</ph></ph>. IFRS 8 does not require disclosure of primary and secondary segment information. See paragraph BC150A.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0068" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3199" class="- topic/p ">The basis for identifying ‘operating segments’ under SFAS 131 differs from the basis for identifying segments based on the entity’s primary reporting format under IAS 14. SFAS 131 defines an operating segment as a component of an enterprise (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the enterprise; (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise’s chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance; and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. IAS 14 was replaced by <xref href="../ifrs08/IFRS08_TOC.dita#IFRS08_TOC0001" base="F16145757" id="IAS36_X0866" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 8</xref> in 2006. See <xref href="IAS36_BC150A.dita#IAS36_BC150A" base="F16457398" id="IAS36_X0867" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph BC150A</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0069" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3200" class="- topic/p ">In the second phase of its business combinations project, the Board clarified that adjustments to provisional values should be made only to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognised as of that date. Such adjustments should be made within the measurement period, which shall not exceed one year from the acquisition date.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0070" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3201" class="- topic/p ">In 2006 IAS 14 was replaced by <xref href="../ifrs08/IFRS08_TOC.dita#IFRS08_TOC0001" base="F16145831" id="IAS36_X0868" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 8 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Operating Segments</ph></ph></xref> which does not require disclosure of primary and secondary segment information. See <xref href="IAS36_BC150A.dita#IAS36_BC150A" base="F16454778" id="IAS36_X0869" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph BC150A</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0071" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3202" class="- topic/p ">In <xref href="../ifrs05/IFRS05_TOC.dita#IFRS05_TOC0001" base="F16145871" id="IAS36_X0870" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 5</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Non‑current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations</ph></ph></xref>, issued by the IASB in 2004, the term ‘net selling price’ was replaced in IAS 36 by ‘fair value less costs to sell’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0072" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3203" class="- topic/p ">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> is to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0073" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3204" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Net Profit or Loss for the Period, Fundamental Errors and Changes in Accounting Policies</ph></ph> was superseded in 2003 by <xref href="../ias08/IAS08_TOC.dita#IAS08_TOC0001" base="F16145873" id="IAS36_X0871" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0074" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3205" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was developed and revised.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0075" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3206" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Net Profit or Loss for the Period, Fundamental Errors and Changes in Accounting Policies</ph></ph> was superseded in 2003 by <xref href="../ias08/IAS08_TOC.dita#IAS08_TOC0001" base="F75174278" id="IAS36_X0872" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0076" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3207" class="- topic/p ">The references to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> are to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0077" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3208" class="- topic/p ">This heading and paragraph BC209A were added by <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph> issued in May 2008.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0078" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3209" class="- topic/p ">The Board issued a revised <xref href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001" base="F16145942" id="IAS36_X0873" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 3</xref> in 2008. This paragraph relates to IFRS 3 as issued in 2004.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS36_FN0079" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS36_P3210" class="- topic/p ">The Board issued a revised <xref href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001" base="F16145948" id="IAS36_X0874" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 3</xref> in 2008. The amortisation of goodwill is prohibited, but the paragraph reference no longer exists in <xref href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001" base="F16145949" id="IAS36_X0875" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 3</xref> (as revised in 2008).</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>