<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS36_TI0110" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title base="SL149166" id="IAS36_TI0110" class="- topic/title "><ph conkeyref="bv_variables/bc_title" class="- topic/ph "/> <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph "/> <ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph "/></ph></title><body class="- topic/body "><note type="note" class="- topic/note "> <p base="SL72177" id="IAS36_P2427" class="- topic/p ">The International Accounting Standards Board revised IAS 36 as part of its project on business combinations. It was not the Board’s intention to reconsider as part of that project all of the requirements in IAS 36.</p> <p base="SL72178" id="IAS36_P2428" class="- topic/p ">The previous version of IAS 36 was accompanied by a Basis for Conclusions summarising the former International Accounting Standards Committee’s considerations in reaching some of its conclusions in that Standard. For convenience the Board has incorporated into its own Basis for Conclusions material from the previous Basis for Conclusions that discusses (a) matters the Board did not reconsider and (b) the history of the development of a standard on impairment of assets. That material is contained in paragraphs denoted by numbers with the prefix BCZ. Paragraphs describing the Board’s considerations in reaching its own conclusions are numbered with the prefix BC.</p> <p base="F4301932" id="IAS36_P2429" class="- topic/p ">In this Basis for Conclusions the terminology has not been amended to reflect the changes made by <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F16454775" id="IAS36_X0643" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1 <none class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/none ">Presentation of Financial Statements</none></xref> (as revised in 2007).</p> <p base="F16141684" id="IAS36_P2430" class="- topic/p ">In developing IFRS 13 <none class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/none ">Fair Value Measurement</none>, issued in May 2011, the Board changed the definition of fair value less costs to sell. As a consequence all references to ‘fair value less costs to sell’ in IAS 36 were replaced with ‘fair value less costs of disposal’. This Basis for Conclusions has not been amended to reflect that change.</p></note></body></topic>