<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS03_BC414" base="F4232926" principles="no"><paranum>BC414</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3"/><data name="paranum" value="BC414"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_P2670">The IASB then assessed whether any additional disclosure requirements should be included in IFRS 3 to ensure that the three disclosure objectives were met and considered the disclosure requirements in the corresponding standards of its partner standard&#x2011;setters. As a result, and after considering respondents&#x2019; comments on ED 3, the IASB identified, and IFRS 3 required, the following additional disclosures to help meet the first of the three disclosure objectives in <xref id="IFRS03_X1527" base="F16382756" href="IFRS03_BC411.dita#IFRS03_BC411">paragraph BC411</xref>:</p><ol id="IFRS03_L0127" base="F4232928" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P2671" base="F4232929">For each business combination effected during the period:</p> <ol id="IFRS03_L0128" base="F4232931" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P2672" base="F4232932">the amounts recognised at the acquisition date for each class of the acquiree&#x2019;s assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities and, if practicable, the carrying amounts of each of those classes, determined in accordance with IFRSs, immediately before the combination. If such disclosure was impracticable, an entity disclosed that fact, together with an explanation of why disclosure was impracticable.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P2673" base="F4232934">a description of the factors that contributed to the recognition of goodwill&#x2014;including a description of each intangible asset that was not recognised separately from goodwill and an explanation of why the intangible asset&#x2019;s fair value could not be measured reliably. If the acquirer&#x2019;s interest in the acquiree&#x2019;s identifiable net assets exceeded the cost, the acquirer was required to describe the nature of that excess.</p></li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P2674" base="F4232936">the amount of the acquiree&#x2019;s profit or loss since the acquisition date included in the acquirer&#x2019;s profit or loss for the period, unless disclosure was impracticable. If such disclosure was impracticable, the acquirer disclosed that fact, together with an explanation of why disclosure was impracticable.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P2675" base="F4232940">The information required to be disclosed for each business combination that was effected during the period in aggregate for business combinations that are individually immaterial.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P2676" base="F4232942">The revenue and profit or loss of the combined entity for the period as though the acquisition date for all business combinations that were effected during the period had been the beginning of that period, unless such disclosure was impracticable.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>