<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS03_BC21R" principles="no"><paranum>BC21R</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3"/><data name="paranum" value="BC21R"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_BC21R_P0001" outputclass="keep_with_next">In finalising the 2018 Amendments, the Board also:</p><ol type="lower-alpha"><li id="IFRS03_BC21R_a"><li_value>(a)</li_value><p>specified in paragraph B12D(a) that an acquired contract is not a         substantive process, in order to clarify that a contract that provides a         continuing revenue stream (eg a lease contract) is not itself a process.</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21R_b"><li_value>(b)</li_value><p>clarified in paragraph B12D(a) that an acquired outsourcing agreement         may give access to an organised workforce and that an entity should         assess whether an organised workforce accessed through an outsourcing         arrangement performs a substantive process that the entity controls, and         thus has acquired. The Board added this paragraph because some IFRS         Interpretations Committee members observed that IFRS 3 did not         provide guidance on whether an outsourced process should be         considered in assessing whether a set of activities and assets is a business.</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21R_c"><li_value>(c)</li_value><p>clarified in paragraph B12D(b) that difficulties in replacing an acquired         organised workforce may indicate that the organised workforce         performs a process that is critical to the ability to create outputs, because         the Board expected that it would normally be more difficult to replace a         workforce that performs a critical process than to replace a workforce         that performs, for example, an ancillary process. The Board provided         this indicator because some respondents to the 2016 Exposure Draft         commented that the proposed guidance on substantive processes would         require too much judgement.</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21R_d"><li_value>(d)</li_value><p>removed the presumption, proposed in the 2016 Exposure Draft, that the         presence of more than an insignificant amount of goodwill may be an         indicator that an acquired process is substantive. Responses to the 2016         Exposure Draft showed that this proposal created more confusion than         clarity. For example, some respondents were unclear whether this         proposal referred to &#x2018;core goodwill&#x2019; that is economically present in a         business, or to the accounting measurement of goodwill that is determined in accounting for business combinations. Some respondents         wondered whether this proposal would, in effect, force entities to apply         business combination accounting to measure goodwill in order to assess         whether what was acquired was in fact a business.</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21R_e"><li_value>(e)</li_value><p>deleted paragraph B10 of IFRS 3, which described factors to consider         when assessing an integrated set of activities and assets in the         development stage. The Board deleted that paragraph because the 2018         Amendments provide a more general discussion of acquired sets of         activities and assets that do not have outputs.</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21R_f"><li_value>(f)</li_value><p>added illustrative examples in paragraphs IE73&#x2013;IE123 to assist with the         interpretation of what is considered a business. The draft illustrative         examples in the 2016 Exposure Draft also included an example on the         acquisition of oil and gas operations. To be consistent with the FASB         2017 Amendments, the Board did not include that example in the 2018         Amendments.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>