<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F4232727" id="IFRS03_BC363" principles="no"><paranum>BC363</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3"/><data name="paranum" value="BC363"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_P2587">In addition, the FASB&#x2019;s constituents raised questions about other aspects of the guidance on accounting for the replacement of share&#x2011;based payment awards. Those questions generally related to interpretative guidance that SFAS 123(R) superseded or nullified without providing comparable guidance&#x2014;specifically, FASB Interpretation No. 44 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for Certain Transactions involving Stock Compensation</ph></ph> and EITF Issue No. 00&#x2011;23 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Issues Related to the Accounting for Stock Compensation under APB Opinion No. 25 and FASB Interpretation No. 44</ph></ph>. <xref base="F16382528" href="IFRS03_gB56-B62.dita#IFRS03_gB56-B62" id="IFRS03_X1499">Paragraphs B56&#x2013;B62</xref> of the revised IFRS 3 provide guidance to help in resolving those implementation questions. In developing that guidance, the FASB sought to apply the same principles to the replacement of share&#x2011;based payment awards in a business combination that are applied to share&#x2011;based payment awards in other situations. The IASB agreed with that goal, and it decided that the guidance on accounting for replacement awards of share&#x2011;based payment is consistent with the guidance in <xref base="F16382527" href="../ifrs02/IFRS02_TOC.dita#IFRS02_TOC0001" id="IFRS03_X1500">IFRS 2</xref> on accounting for modification of share&#x2011;based payment awards.</p></body></paragraph>