<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS03_BC122" base="F4231951" principles="no"><paranum>BC122</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3"/><data name="paranum" value="BC122"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_P2251">The first example in <xref id="IFRS03_X1297" base="F16122302" href="IFRS03_52.dita#IFRS03_52">paragraph 52</xref> is directed at ensuring that a transaction that in effect settles a pre&#x2011;existing relationship between the acquirer and the acquiree is excluded from the accounting for the business combination. Assume, for example, that a potential acquiree has an asset (receivable) for an unresolved claim against the potential acquirer. The acquirer and the acquiree&#x2019;s owners agree to settle that claim as part of an agreement to sell the acquiree to the acquirer. The boards concluded that if the acquirer makes a lump sum payment to the seller&#x2011;owner, part of that payment is to settle the claim and is not part of the consideration transferred to acquire the business. Thus, the portion of the payment that relates to the claim settlement should be excluded from the accounting for the business combination and accounted for separately. In effect, the acquiree relinquished its claim (receivable) against the acquirer by transferring it (as a dividend) to the acquiree&#x2019;s owner. Thus, at the acquisition date the acquiree has no receivable (asset) to be acquired as part of the combination, and the acquirer would account for its settlement payment separately. The FASB observed that the conclusion that a transaction that settles a pre&#x2011;existing relationship is not part of applying the acquisition method is consistent with the conclusion in EITF Issue No. 04&#x2011;1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for Preexisting Relationships between the Parties to a Business Combination</ph></ph>, which is incorporated into SFAS 141(R) and therefore superseded.</p></body></paragraph>