<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS03_BC21B" principles="no"><paranum>BC21B</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3"/><data name="paranum" value="BC21B"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_BC21B_P0001">To consider those concerns, the Board added to its agenda a project       to clarify the definition of a business, with the objective of assisting entities to determine       whether a transaction should be accounted for as a business combination or as an asset       acquisition. In 2016 the Board published an exposure draft <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Definition of a Business and Accounting for Previously Held           Interests</ph></ph> (2016 Exposure Draft). The 2016 Exposure Draft attracted 80 comment       letters. The Board reviewed those comment letters and consulted the Accounting Standards       Advisory Forum (ASAF), the Capital Markets Advisory Committee and the Global Preparers Forum.       In 2018 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Definition of a Business</ph></ph> (2018 Amendments). In the 2018 Amendments, the       Board:</p><ol type="lower-alpha"><li id="IFRS03_BC21B_a"><li_value>(a)</li_value><p>clarified that to be considered a business,           an acquired set of activities and assets must include, at a minimum, an input and a           substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create           outputs (see paragraph BC21F);</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21B_b"><li_value>(b)</li_value><p>removed the assessment of whether market           participants are capable of replacing any missing inputs or processes and continuing to           produce outputs (see paragraphs BC21H&#x2013;BC21I);</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21B_c"><li_value>(c)</li_value><p>added guidance and illustrative examples to           help entities assess whether a substantive process has been acquired (see paragraphs           BC21L&#x2013;BC21R);</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21B_d"><li_value>(d)</li_value><p>narrowed the definitions of a business and           of outputs by focusing on goods and services provided to customers and by removing the           reference to an ability to reduce costs (see paragraph BC21S);</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21B_e"><li_value>(e)</li_value><p>added an optional concentration test that           permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not           a business (see paragraphs BC21T&#x2013;BC21AC); and</p></li><li id="IFRS03_B21B_f"><li_value>(f)</li_value><p>decided that an entity is permitted but not required to apply           the amendments to transactions that occurred before the effective date of the amendments.           Retrospective application of the amendments to earlier transactions is not required           because it is unlikely to provide useful information to users of financial statements,           could have been costly and could have been impracticable if hindsight were to be needed.           Retrospective application was not prohibited because there may be instances when it would           provide useful information and because when it is used it would not deprive users of           useful information.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>