<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F4232421" id="IFRS03_BC250" principles="no"><paranum>BC250</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3"/><data name="paranum" value="BC250"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_P2423">The definition of fair value from SFAS 157 indicates that it is a price in an orderly transaction between market participants. In comparison, IFRSs indicate that fair value reflects an arm&#x2019;s length transaction between knowledgeable, willing parties. <xref base="F16122630" href="../ias40/IAS40_42-47_DELETED.dita#IAS40_42-47" id="IFRS03_X1384">Paragraphs 42&#x2013;44 of IAS 40</xref> discuss what a <i>transaction between knowledgeable, willing parties</i> means:</p><lq> <p base="F4232424" id="IFRS03_P2424">... In this context, &#x2018;knowledgeable&#x2019; means that both the willing buyer and the willing seller are reasonably informed about the nature and characteristics of the investment property, its actual and potential uses, and market conditions at the end of the reporting period &#x2026;</p> <p base="F4232425" id="IFRS03_P2425">&#x2026; The willing seller is motivated to sell the investment property at market terms for the best price obtainable. The factual circumstances of the actual investment property owner are not a part of this consideration because the willing seller is a hypothetical owner (eg a willing seller would not take into account the particular tax circumstances of the investment property owner).</p> <p base="F4232426" id="IFRS03_P2426">The definition of fair value refers to an arm&#x2019;s length transaction. An arm&#x2019;s length transaction is one between parties that do not have a particular or special relationship that makes prices of transactions uncharacteristic of market conditions. The transaction is presumed to be between unrelated parties, each acting independently.</p></lq><p base="F4232427" id="IFRS03_P2427">Thus, although the two definitions use different words, the concept is the same&#x2014;fair value is a market&#x2011;based measure in a transaction between unrelated parties.</p></body></paragraph>