<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS03_BC133" base="F4231986" principles="no"><paranum>BC133</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3"/><data name="paranum" value="BC133"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_P2262">In applying SFAS 141, acquirers looked to EITF Issue No. 95&#x2011;3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Recognition of Liabilities in Connection with a Purchase Business Combination</ph></ph> for guidance on recognising liabilities associated with restructuring or exit activities of an acquirer. EITF Issue 95&#x2011;3 provided that the costs of an acquirer&#x2019;s plan (a) to exit an activity of an acquired company, (b) to involuntarily terminate the employment of employees of an acquired company or (c) to relocate employees of an acquired company should be recognised as liabilities assumed in a purchase business combination if specified conditions were met. Those conditions did not require the existence of a present obligation to another party. In developing the 2005 Exposure Draft, the FASB concluded, as it did in FASB Statement No. 146 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities</ph></ph> (SFAS 146), that only present obligations to others are liabilities under the definition in the FASB&#x2019;s Concepts Statement 6. An exit or disposal plan, by itself, does not create a present obligation to others for costs an entity expects to incur under the plan. Thus, an entity&#x2019;s commitment to an exit or disposal plan, by itself, is not a sufficient condition for recognition of a liability. Consistently with that conclusion, SFAS 141(R) nullifies the guidance in EITF Issue 95&#x2011;3, which was not consistent with SFAS 146.</p></body></paragraph>