<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F4231618" principles="no" id="IFRS03_BC18"><paranum>BC18</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3"/><data name="paranum" value="BC18"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_P2099">In the second phase of their business combinations projects, both boards considered the suitability of their existing definitions of a business in an attempt to develop an improved, common definition. To address the perceived deficiencies and misinterpretations, the boards modified their respective definitions of a business and clarified the related guidance. The more significant modifications, and the reasons for them, are:</p><ol base="F4231620" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS03_L0091"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F4231621" id="IFRS03_P2100">to continue to exclude self&#x2011;sustaining as the definition in IFRS 3 did, and instead, provide that the integrated set of activities and assets must be <b>capable</b> of being conducted and managed for the purpose of providing a return in the form of dividends, lower costs or other economic benefits directly to investors or other owners, members or participants. Focusing on the capability to achieve the purposes of the business helps avoid the unduly restrictive interpretations that existed in accordance with the former guidance.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F4231624" id="IFRS03_P2102">to clarify the meanings of the terms <i>inputs, processes</i> and <i>outputs</i> that were used in both EITF Issue 98&#x2011;3 and IFRS 3. Clarifying the meanings of those terms, together with other modifications, helps eliminate the need for extensive detailed guidance and the misinterpretations that sometimes stem from such guidance.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="F4231628" id="IFRS03_P2104">to clarify that inputs and processes applied to those inputs are essential and that although the resulting outputs are normally present, they need not be present. Therefore, an integrated set of assets and activities could qualify as a business if the integrated set is capable of being conducted and managed to produce the resulting outputs. Together with item (a), clarifying that outputs need not be present for an integrated set to be a business helps avoid the unduly restrictive interpretations of the guidance in EITF Issue 98&#x2011;3.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="F4231630" id="IFRS03_P2106">to clarify that a business need not include all of the inputs or processes that the seller used in operating that business if a market participant is capable of continuing to produce outputs, for example, by integrating the business with its own inputs and processes. This clarification also helps avoid the need for extensive detailed guidance and assessments about whether a missing input or process is minor.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p base="F4231643" id="IFRS03_P2108">to continue to exclude a presumption that an integrated set in the development stage is not a business merely because it has not yet begun its planned principal operations, as IFRS 3 did. Eliminating that presumption is consistent with focusing on assessing the capability to achieve the purposes of the business (item (a)) and helps avoid the unduly restrictive interpretations that existed with the former guidance.</p>                </li></ol></body></paragraph>