<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS03_BC298" base="F4232555" principles="no"><paranum>BC298</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3"/><data name="paranum" value="BC298"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_P2485">The FASB decided to amend FASB Statements No. 87 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Employers&#x2019; Accounting for Pensions</ph></ph> (SFAS 87) and 106 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Employers&#x2019; Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions</ph></ph> (SFAS 106) to require the acquirer to exclude from the liability it recognises for a single&#x2011;employer pension or other post&#x2011;retirement benefit plan the effects of expected plan amendments, terminations or curtailments that it has no obligation to make at the acquisition date. However, those amendments also require the acquirer to include in the liability it recognises at the acquisition date the expected withdrawal liability for a multi&#x2011;employer plan if it is probable at that date that the acquirer will withdraw from the plan. For a pension or other post&#x2011;retirement benefit plan, the latter requirement brings into the authoritative literature a provision that previously appeared only in the Basis for Conclusions on SFASs 87 and 106. The FASB acknowledges that the provisions for single&#x2011;employer and multi&#x2011;employer plans are not necessarily consistent, and it considered amending SFASs 87 and 106 to require recognition of withdrawal liabilities not yet incurred in post&#x2011;combination financial statements of the periods in which withdrawals occur. However, it observed that the liability recognised upon withdrawal from a multi&#x2011;employer plan represents the previously unrecognised portion of the accumulated benefits obligation, which is recognised as it arises for a single&#x2011;employer plan. In addition, the FASB observed that some might consider the employer&#x2019;s contractual obligation upon withdrawal from a multi&#x2011;employer plan an unconditional obligation to &#x2018;stand ready&#x2019; to pay if withdrawal occurs and therefore a present obligation. Therefore, the FASB decided not to require the same accounting for expected withdrawals from a multi&#x2011;employer plan as it requires for expected terminations or curtailments of a single&#x2011;employer plan.</p></body></paragraph>