<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS03_BC68" base="F4231771" principles="no"><paranum>BC68</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3"/><data name="paranum" value="BC68"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_P2177">Although mutual entities have particular characteristics that distinguish them from other business entities, the boards noted that the two types of entities also have many common characteristics. The boards also observed that the economic motivations for combinations of mutual entities, such as to provide their constituents with a broader range of, or access to, services and cost savings through economies of scale, are similar to those for combinations of other business entities. For example:</p><ol id="IFRS03_L0095" base="F4231773" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P2178" base="F4231775">although mutual entities generally do not have shareholders in the traditional sense of investor&#x2011;owners, they are in effect &#x2018;owned&#x2019; by their members and are in business to serve their members or other stakeholders. Like other businesses, mutual entities strive to provide their members with a financial return or benefits. A mutual entity generally does that by focusing on providing its members with its products and services at lower prices. For example, the benefit provided by a credit union may be a lower interest rate on a borrowing than might be obtainable through an investor&#x2011;owned financial institution. In a wholesale buying co&#x2011;operative, the benefit might be lower net costs, after reflecting patronage dividends.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P2179" base="F4231777">members&#x2019; interests in a mutual entity are generally not transferable like other ownership interests. However, they usually include a right to share in the net assets of the mutual entity in the event of its liquidation or conversion to another form of entity.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P2180" base="F4231779">a higher percentage of combinations of mutual entities than of combinations of other business entities occur without an exchange of cash or other readily measurable consideration, but such combinations are not unique to mutual entities. Business combinations of other entities, particularly private entities, also take place without an exchange of cash or other readily measurable consideration.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>