<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS03_BC375" base="F4232772" principles="no"><paranum>BC375</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3"/><data name="paranum" value="BC375"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_P2605">The boards think that problems surrounding intentional measurement errors by acquirers are generally best addressed by means other than setting standards specifically intended to avoid abuse. Strong internal control systems and the use of independent valuation experts and external auditors are among the means by which both intentional and unintentional measurement errors are minimised. Standards specifically designed to avoid abuse would inevitably lack neutrality. (See <xref id="IFRS03_X1506" base="F16382636" href="IFRS03_BC51.dita#IFRS03_BC51">paragraph BC51</xref> for a discussion of the need for neutrality in accounting and accounting standards.) However, the boards share constituents&#x2019; concerns about the potential for inappropriate gain recognition resulting from measurement bias or undetected measurement errors. Thus, the boards decided (see <xref id="IFRS03_X1507" base="F16382637" href="IFRS03_36.dita#IFRS03_36">paragraph 36</xref> of the revised IFRS 3) to require the acquirer to reassess whether it has correctly identified all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed before recognising a gain on a bargain purchase. The acquirer must then review the procedures used to measure the amounts the revised standards require to be recognised at the acquisition date for all of the following:</p><ol id="IFRS03_L0121" base="F4232774" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P2606" base="F4232775">the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed;</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P2607" base="F4232777">the non&#x2011;controlling interest in the acquiree, if any;</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P2608" base="F4232779">for a business combination achieved in stages, the acquirer&#x2019;s previously held equity interest in the acquiree; and</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P2609" base="F4232781">the consideration transferred.</p></li></ol><p id="IFRS03_P2610" base="SL4233073">The objective of that review is to ensure that appropriate consideration has been given to all available information in identifying the items to be measured and recognised and in determining their fair values. The boards believe that the required review will mitigate, if not eliminate, undetected errors that might have existed in the initial measurements.</p></body></paragraph>