<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_IE3" base="F45932450" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">IE3</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IE3" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P0815" class="- topic/p ">The following example illustrates how a lessee might (a) apply <xref href="IFRS16_gB3-B8.dita#IFRS16_gB3_B8/IFRS16_gB3_B8_TI" base="F47963931" id="IFRS16_X0627" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs B3–B8 of IFRS 16</xref> to leases of low-value assets; and (b) determine portfolios of leases to which it would apply the requirements in <xref href="IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" base="F47963932" id="IFRS16_X0628" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 16</xref>.</p><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL45932524" frame="all" id="IFRS16_TAB0012" orient="port" pgwide="0" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="0" colwidth="100*" rowsep="0" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Example 11—Leases of low-value assets and portfolio application             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932454" id="IFRS16_P0817" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">A lessee in the pharmaceutical manufacturing and distribution industry (Lessee) has the following leases:</i></p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F45932460" id="IFRS16_L0088" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(a)</i></li_value>                   <p base="F45932462" id="IFRS16_P0818" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">leases of real estate (both office buildings and warehouses).</i></p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(b)</i></li_value>                   <p base="F45932465" id="IFRS16_P0819" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">leases of manufacturing equipment.</i></p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(c)</i></li_value>                   <p base="F45932468" id="IFRS16_P0820" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">leases of company cars, both for sales personnel and senior management and of varying quality, specification and value.</i></p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(d)</i></li_value>                   <p base="F45932472" id="IFRS16_P0821" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">leases of trucks and vans used for delivery purposes, of varying size and value.</i></p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(e)</i></li_value>                   <p base="F45932476" id="IFRS16_P0822" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">leases of IT equipment for use by individual employees (such as laptop computers, desktop computers, hand held computer devices, desktop printers and mobile phones).</i></p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(f)</i></li_value>                   <p base="F45932479" id="IFRS16_P0823" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">leases of servers, including many individual modules that increase the storage capacity of those servers. The modules have been added to the mainframe servers over time as Lessee has needed to increase the storage capacity of the servers.</i></p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(g)</i></li_value>                   <p base="F45932482" id="IFRS16_P0824" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">leases of office equipment:</i></p>                   <ol outputclass="static" base="F45932485" id="IFRS16_L0089" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(i)</i></li_value>                       <p base="F45932487" id="IFRS16_P0825" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">office furniture (such as chairs, desks and office partitions);</i></p>                     </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(ii)</i></li_value>                       <p base="F45932490" id="IFRS16_P0826" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">water dispensers; and</i></p>                     </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(iii)</i></li_value>                       <p base="F45932493" id="IFRS16_P0827" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">high-capacity multifunction photocopier devices.</i></p>                     </li></ol>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932495" id="IFRS16_P0828" class="- topic/p "><u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">Leases of low-value assets</u></p>               <p base="F45932496" id="IFRS16_P0829" class="- topic/p ">Lessee determines that the following leases qualify as leases of low-value assets on the basis that the underlying assets, when new, are individually of low value:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F45932498" id="IFRS16_L0090" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932500" id="IFRS16_P0830" class="- topic/p ">leases of IT equipment for use by individual employees; and</p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932502" id="IFRS16_P0831" class="- topic/p ">leases of office furniture and water dispensers.</p>                 </li></ol>                            </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932504" id="IFRS16_P0833" class="- topic/p ">Lessee elects to apply the requirements in <xref href="IFRS16_6.dita#IFRS16_6" base="F47963933" id="IFRS16_X0634" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 6 of IFRS 16</xref> in accounting for all of those leases.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932505" id="IFRS16_P0834" class="- topic/p ">Although each module within the servers, if considered individually, might be an asset of low value, the leases of modules within the servers do not qualify as leases of low-value assets. This is because each module is highly interrelated with other parts of the servers. Lessee would not lease the modules without also leasing the servers.                                </p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932506" id="IFRS16_P0835" class="- topic/p "><u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">Portfolio application</u></p>                              <p base="F45932507" id="IFRS16_P0837" class="- topic/p ">As a result, Lessee applies the recognition and measurement requirements in IFRS 16 to its leases of real estate, manufacturing equipment, company cars, trucks and vans, servers and high-capacity multifunction photocopier devices. In doing so, Lessee groups its company cars, trucks and vans into portfolios.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932508" id="IFRS16_P0838" class="- topic/p ">Lessee’s company cars are leased under a series of master lease agreements. Lessee uses eight different types of company car, which vary by price and are assigned to staff on the basis of seniority and territory. Lessee has a master lease agreement for each different type of company car. The individual leases within each master lease agreement are all similar (including similar start and end dates), but the terms and conditions generally vary from one master lease agreement to another. Because the individual leases within each master lease agreement are similar to each other, Lessee reasonably expects that applying the requirements of IFRS 16 to each master lease agreement would not result in a materially different effect than applying the requirements of IFRS 16 to each individual lease within the master lease agreement. Consequently, Lessee concludes that it can apply the requirements of IFRS 16 to each master lease agreement as a portfolio. In addition, Lessee concludes that two of the eight master lease agreements are similar and cover substantially similar types of company cars in similar territories. Lessee reasonably expects that the effect of applying IFRS 16 to the combined portfolio of leases within the two master lease agreements would not differ materially from applying IFRS 16 to each lease within that combined portfolio. Lessee, therefore, concludes that it can further combine those two master lease agreements into a single lease portfolio.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932509" id="IFRS16_P0839" class="- topic/p ">Lessee’s trucks and vans are leased under individual lease agreements. There are 6,500 leases in total. All of the truck leases have similar terms, as do all of the van leases. The truck leases are generally for four years and involve similar models of truck. The van leases are generally for five years and involve similar models of van. Lessee reasonably expects that applying the requirements of IFRS 16 to portfolios of truck leases and van leases, grouped by type of underlying asset, territory and the quarter of the year within which the lease was entered into, would not result in a materially different effect from applying those requirements to each individual truck or van lease. Consequently, Lessee applies the requirements of IFRS 16 to different portfolios of truck and van leases, rather than to 6,500 individual leases.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>