<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_IE2" base="F45932230" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">IE2</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IE2" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P0690" class="- topic/p ">The following examples illustrate how an entity determines whether a contract is, or contains, a lease.</p><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL45932514" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS16_TAB0002" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Example 1—Rail cars             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932234" id="IFRS16_P0692" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Example 1A: a contract between Customer and a freight carrier (Supplier) provides Customer with the use of 10 rail cars of a particular type for five years. The contract specifies the rail cars; the cars are owned by Supplier. Customer determines when, where and which goods are to be transported using the cars. When the cars are not in use, they are kept at Customer’s premises. Customer can use the cars for another purpose (for example, storage) if it so chooses. However, the contract specifies that Customer cannot transport particular types of cargo (for example, explosives). If a particular car needs to be serviced or repaired, Supplier is required to substitute a car of the same type. Otherwise, and other than on default by Customer, Supplier cannot retrieve the cars during the five-year period.</i></p>               <p base="F45932237" id="IFRS16_P0693" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The contract also requires Supplier to provide an engine and a driver when requested by Customer. Supplier keeps the engines at its premises and provides instructions to the driver detailing Customer’s requests to transport goods. Supplier can choose to use any one of a number of engines to fulfil each of Customer’s requests, and one engine could be used to transport not only Customer’s goods, but also the goods of other customers (ie if other customers require the transportation of goods to destinations close to the destination requested by Customer and within a similar timeframe, Supplier can choose to attach up to 100 rail cars to the engine).</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932238" id="IFRS16_P0694" class="- topic/p ">The contract contains leases of rail cars. Customer has the right to use 10 rail cars for five years.</p>               <p base="F45932239" id="IFRS16_P0695" class="- topic/p ">There are 10 identified cars. The cars are explicitly specified in the contract. Once delivered to Customer, the cars can be substituted only when they need to be serviced or repaired (see <xref href="IFRS16_B18.dita#IFRS16_B18" base="F47963844" id="IFRS16_X0562" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B18</xref>). The engine used to transport the rail cars is not an identified asset because it is neither explicitly specified nor implicitly specified in the contract.</p>                            </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932240" id="IFRS16_P0697" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to control the use of the 10 rail cars throughout the five-year period of use because:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F45932242" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0076" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932243" id="IFRS16_P0698" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the cars over the five-year period of use. Customer has exclusive use of the cars throughout the period of use, including when they are not being used to transport Customer’s goods.                                        </p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932246" id="IFRS16_P0699" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to direct the use of the cars because the conditions in <xref href="IFRS16_gB24-B31.dita#IFRS16_gB24_B31/IFRS16_gB24_B31_TI" base="F47963845" id="IFRS16_X0565" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B24(a)</xref> exist. The contractual restrictions on the cargo that can be transported by the cars are protective rights of Supplier and define the scope of Customer’s right to use the cars.                                          Within the scope of its right of use defined in the contract, Customer makes the relevant decisions about how and for what purpose the cars are used by being able to decide when and where the rail cars will be used and which goods are transported using the cars. Customer also determines whether and how the cars will be used when not being used to transport its goods (for example, whether and when they will be used for storage). Customer has the right to change these decisions during the five-year period of use.                                        </p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932247" id="IFRS16_P0700" class="- topic/p ">Although having an engine and driver (controlled by Supplier) to transport the rail cars is essential to the efficient use of the cars, Supplier’s decisions in this regard do not give it the right to direct how and for what purpose the rail cars are used. Consequently, Supplier does not control the use of the cars during the period of use.                                </p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932248" id="IFRS16_P0701" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Example 1B: the contract between Customer and Supplier requires Supplier to transport a specified quantity of goods by using a specified type of rail car in accordance with a stated timetable for a period of five years. The timetable and quantity of goods specified are equivalent to Customer having the use of 10 rail cars for five years. Supplier provides the rail cars, driver and engine as part of the contract. The contract states the nature and quantity of the goods to be transported (and the type of rail car to be used to transport the goods). Supplier has a large pool of similar cars that can be used to fulfil the requirements of the contract. Similarly, Supplier can choose to use any one of a number of engines to fulfil each of Customer’s requests, and one engine could be used to transport not only Customer’s goods, but also the goods of other customers. The cars and engines are stored at Supplier’s premises when not being used to transport goods.</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932250" id="IFRS16_P0702" class="- topic/p ">The contract does not contain a lease of rail cars or of an engine.</p>               <p base="F45932251" id="IFRS16_P0703" class="- topic/p ">The rail cars and the engines used to transport Customer’s goods are not identified assets. Supplier has the substantive right to substitute the rail cars and engine because:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F45932256" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0077" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932257" id="IFRS16_P0704" class="- topic/p ">Supplier has the practical ability to substitute each car and the engine throughout the period of use (see <xref href="IFRS16_gB14-B19.dita#IFRS16_gB14_B19/IFRS16_gB14_B19_TI" base="F47963846" id="IFRS16_X0569" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B14(a)</xref>). Alternative cars and engines are readily available to Supplier and Supplier can substitute each car and the engine without Customer’s approval.</p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932259" id="IFRS16_P0705" class="- topic/p ">Supplier would benefit economically from substituting each car and the engine (see <xref href="IFRS16_gB14-B19.dita#IFRS16_gB14_B19/IFRS16_gB14_B19_TI" base="F47963847" id="IFRS16_X0570" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B14(b)</xref>). There would be minimal, if any, cost associated with substituting each car or the engine because the cars and engines are stored at Supplier’s premises                                          and Supplier has a large pool of similar cars and engines. Supplier benefits from substituting each car or the engine in contracts of this nature because substitution allows Supplier to, for example, (i) use cars or an engine to fulfil a task for which the cars or engine are already positioned to perform (for example, a task at a rail yard close to the point of origin) or (ii) use cars or an engine that would otherwise be sitting idle because they are not being used by a customer.</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932252" id="IFRS16_P0706" class="- topic/p ">Accordingly, Customer does not direct the use, nor have the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use, of an identified car or an engine. Supplier directs the use of the rail cars and engine by selecting which cars and engine are used for each particular delivery and obtains substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the rail cars and engine. Supplier is only providing freight capacity.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL45932515" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS16_TAB0003" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Example 2—Concession space             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932264" id="IFRS16_P0708" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">A coffee company (Customer) enters into a contract with an airport operator (Supplier) to use a space in the airport to sell its goods for a three-year period. The contract states the amount of space and that the space may be located at any one of several boarding areas within the airport. Supplier has the right to change the location of the space allocated to Customer at any time during the period of use. There are minimal costs to Supplier associated with changing the space for the Customer: Customer uses a kiosk (that it owns) that can be moved easily to sell its goods. There are many areas in the airport that are available and that would meet the specifications for the space in the contract.</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932266" id="IFRS16_P0709" class="- topic/p ">The contract does not contain a lease.</p>               <p base="F45932267" id="IFRS16_P0710" class="- topic/p ">Although the amount of space Customer uses is specified in the contract, there is no identified asset. Customer controls its owned kiosk. However, the contract is for space in the airport, and this space can change at the discretion of Supplier. Supplier has the substantive right to substitute the space Customer uses because:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F45932269" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0078" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932270" id="IFRS16_P0711" class="- topic/p ">Supplier has the practical ability to change the space used by Customer throughout the period of use (see <xref href="IFRS16_gB14-B19.dita#IFRS16_gB14_B19/IFRS16_gB14_B19_TI" base="F47963848" id="IFRS16_X0572" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B14(a)</xref>). There are many areas in the airport that meet the specifications for the space in the contract, and Supplier has the right to change the location of the space to other space that meets the specifications at any time without Customer’s approval.</p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932272" id="IFRS16_P0712" class="- topic/p ">Supplier would benefit economically from substituting the space (see <xref href="IFRS16_gB14-B19.dita#IFRS16_gB14_B19/IFRS16_gB14_B19_TI" base="F47963849" id="IFRS16_X0573" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B14(b)</xref>). There would be minimal cost associated with changing the space used by Customer because the kiosk can be moved easily. Supplier benefits from substituting the space in the airport because substitution allows Supplier to make the most effective use of the space at boarding areas in the airport to meet changing circumstances.</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL45932516" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS16_TAB0004" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Example 3—Fibre-optic cable             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932276" id="IFRS16_P0714" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Example 3A: Customer enters into a 15-year contract with a utilities company (Supplier) for the right to use three specified, physically distinct dark fibres within a larger cable connecting Hong Kong to Tokyo. Customer makes the decisions about the use of the fibres by connecting each end of the fibres to its electronic equipment (ie Customer ‘lights’ the fibres and decides what data, and how much data, those fibres will transport). If the fibres are damaged, Supplier is responsible for the repairs and maintenance. Supplier owns extra fibres, but can substitute those for Customer’s fibres only for reasons of repairs, maintenance or malfunction (and is obliged to substitute the fibres in these cases).</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932278" id="IFRS16_P0715" class="- topic/p ">The contract contains a lease of dark fibres. Customer has the right to use the three dark fibres for 15 years.</p>               <p base="F45932279" id="IFRS16_P0716" class="- topic/p ">There are three identified fibres. The fibres are explicitly specified in the contract and are physically distinct from other fibres within the cable.                                  Supplier cannot substitute the fibres other than for reasons of repairs, maintenance or malfunction (see <xref href="IFRS16_B18.dita#IFRS16_B18" base="F47963879" id="IFRS16_X0575" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B18</xref>).</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932280" id="IFRS16_P0717" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to control the use of the fibres throughout the 15-year period of use because:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F45932282" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0079" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932283" id="IFRS16_P0718" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the fibres over the 15-year period of use. Customer has exclusive use of the fibres throughout the period of use.                                        </p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932285" id="IFRS16_P0719" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to direct the use of the fibres because the conditions in <xref href="IFRS16_gB24-B31.dita#IFRS16_gB24_B31/IFRS16_gB24_B31_TI" base="F47963880" id="IFRS16_X0577" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B24(a)</xref> exist. Customer makes the relevant decisions about how and for what purpose the fibres are used by deciding (i) when and whether to light the fibres and (ii) when and how much output the fibres will produce (ie what data, and how much data, those fibres will transport). Customer has the right to change these decisions during the 15-year period of use.                                        </p>                 </li></ol>               <p base="F45932286" id="IFRS16_P0720" class="- topic/p ">Although Supplier’s decisions about repairing and maintaining the fibres are essential to their efficient use, those decisions do not give Supplier the right to direct how and for what purpose the fibres are used. Consequently, Supplier does not control the use of the fibres during the period of use.                                </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932287" id="IFRS16_P0721" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Example 3B: Customer enters into a 15-year contract with Supplier for the right to use a specified amount of capacity within a cable connecting Hong Kong to Tokyo. The specified amount is equivalent to Customer having the use of the full capacity of three fibre strands within the cable (the cable contains 15 fibres with similar capacities). Supplier makes decisions about the transmission of data (ie Supplier lights the fibres, makes decisions about which fibres are used to transmit Customer’s traffic and makes decisions about the electronic equipment that Supplier owns and connects to the fibres).</i></p>               <p base="F45932289" id="IFRS16_P0722" class="- topic/p ">The contract does not contain a lease.</p>               <p base="F45932290" id="IFRS16_P0723" class="- topic/p ">Supplier makes all decisions about the transmission of its customers’ data, which requires the use of only a portion of the capacity of the cable for each customer. The capacity portion that will be provided to Customer is not physically distinct from the remaining capacity of the cable and does not represent substantially all of the capacity of the cable (see <xref href="IFRS16_gB20-B20.dita#IFRS16_gB20_B20/IFRS16_gB20_B20_TI" base="F47963881" id="IFRS16_X0580" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B20</xref>). Consequently, Customer does not have the right to use an identified asset.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL45932517" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS16_TAB0005" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">                Example 4—Retail unit             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932294" id="IFRS16_P0725" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Customer enters into a contract with a property owner (Supplier) to use Retail Unit A for a five-year period. Retail Unit A is part of a larger retail space with many retail units.</i></p>               <p base="F45932296" id="IFRS16_P0726" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Customer is granted the right to use Retail Unit A. Supplier can require Customer to relocate to another retail unit. In that case, Supplier is required to provide Customer with a retail unit of similar quality and specifications to Retail Unit A and to pay for Customer’s relocation costs. Supplier would benefit economically from relocating Customer only if a major new tenant were to decide to occupy a large amount of retail space at a rate sufficiently favourable to cover the costs of relocating Customer and other tenants in the retail space. However, although it is possible that those circumstances will arise, at inception of the contract, it is not likely that those circumstances will arise.</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932298" id="IFRS16_P0727" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The contract requires Customer to use Retail Unit A to operate its well-known store brand to sell its goods during the hours that the larger retail space is open. Customer makes all of the decisions about the use of the retail unit during the period of use. For example, Customer decides on the mix of goods sold from the unit, the pricing of the goods sold and the quantities of inventory held. Customer also controls physical access to the unit throughout the five-year period of use.</i></p>               <p base="F45932301" id="IFRS16_P0728" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The contract requires Customer to make fixed payments to Supplier, as well as variable payments that are a percentage of sales from Retail Unit A.</i></p>               <p base="F45932302" id="IFRS16_P0729" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Supplier provides cleaning and security services, as well as advertising services, as part of the contract.</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932305" id="IFRS16_P0730" class="- topic/p ">The contract contains a lease of retail space. Customer has the right to use Retail Unit A for five years.</p>               <p base="F45932306" id="IFRS16_P0731" class="- topic/p ">Retail Unit A is an identified asset. It is explicitly specified in the contract.                                  Supplier has the practical ability to substitute the retail unit, but could benefit economically from substitution only in specific circumstances. Supplier’s substitution right is not substantive because, at inception of the contract, those circumstances are not considered likely to arise (see <xref href="IFRS16_B16.dita#IFRS16_B16" base="F47963882" id="IFRS16_X0582" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B16</xref>).</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932307" id="IFRS16_P0732" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to control the use of Retail Unit A throughout the five-year period of use because:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F45932309" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0080" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932310" id="IFRS16_P0733" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of Retail Unit A over the five-year period of use. Customer has exclusive use of Retail Unit A throughout the period of use. Although a portion of the cash flows derived from sales from Retail Unit A will flow from Customer to Supplier, this represents consideration that Customer pays Supplier for the right to use the retail unit. It does not prevent Customer from having the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of Retail Unit A.                                        </p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932312" id="IFRS16_P0734" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to direct the use of Retail Unit A because the conditions in <xref href="IFRS16_gB24-B31.dita#IFRS16_gB24_B31/IFRS16_gB24_B31_TI" base="F47963883" id="IFRS16_X0584" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B24(a)</xref> exist. The contractual restrictions on the goods that can be sold from Retail Unit A, and when Retail Unit A is open, define the scope of Customer’s right to use Retail Unit A. Within the scope of its right of use defined in the contract, Customer makes the relevant decisions about how and for what purpose Retail Unit A is used by being able to decide, for example, the mix of products that will be sold in the retail unit and the sale price for those products. Customer has the right to change these decisions during the five-year period of use.                                        </p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932313" id="IFRS16_P0735" class="- topic/p ">Although cleaning, security, and advertising services are essential to the efficient use of Retail Unit A, Supplier’s decisions in this regard do not give it the right to direct how and for what purpose Retail Unit A is used. Consequently, Supplier does not control the use of Retail Unit A during the period of use and Supplier’s decisions do not affect Customer’s control of the use of Retail Unit A.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL45932518" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS16_TAB0006" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Example 5—Truck rental             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932317" id="IFRS16_P0737" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Customer enters into a contract with Supplier for the use of a truck for one week to transport cargo from New York to San Francisco. Supplier does not have substitution rights. Only cargo specified in the contract is permitted to be transported on this truck for the period of the contract. The contract specifies a maximum distance that the truck can be driven. Customer is able to choose the details of the journey (speed, route, rest stops, etc.) within the parameters of the contract. Customer does not have the right to continue using the truck after the specified trip is complete.</i></p>               <p base="F45932319" id="IFRS16_P0738" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The cargo to be transported, and the timing and location of pick-up in New York and delivery in San Francisco, are specified in the contract.</i></p>               <p base="F45932321" id="IFRS16_P0739" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Customer is responsible for driving the truck from New York to San Francisco.</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932324" id="IFRS16_P0740" class="- topic/p ">The contract contains a lease of a truck. Customer has the right to use the truck for the duration of the specified trip.</p>               <p base="F45932325" id="IFRS16_P0741" class="- topic/p ">There is an identified asset. The truck is explicitly specified in the contract, and Supplier does not have the right to substitute the truck.                                </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932326" id="IFRS16_P0742" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to control the use of the truck throughout the period of use because:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F45932328" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0081" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932330" id="IFRS16_P0743" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the truck over the period of use. Customer has exclusive use of the truck throughout the period of use.                                        </p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932332" id="IFRS16_P0744" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to direct the use of the truck because the conditions in <xref href="IFRS16_gB24-B31.dita#IFRS16_gB24_B31/IFRS16_gB24_B31_TI" base="F47963884" id="IFRS16_X0588" class="- topic/xref ">B24(b)(i)</xref> exist. How and for what purpose the truck will be used (ie the transportation of specified cargo from New York to San Francisco within a specified timeframe) is predetermined in the contract. Customer directs the use of the truck because it has the right to operate the truck (for example, speed, route, rest stops) throughout the period of use. Customer makes all of the decisions about the use of the truck that can be made during the period of use through its control of the operations of the truck.</p>                 </li></ol>               <p base="F45932333" id="IFRS16_P0745" class="- topic/p ">Because the duration of the contract is one week, this lease meets the definition of a short-term lease.</p>                            </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL45932519" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS16_TAB0007" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Example 6—Ship             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932337" id="IFRS16_P0748" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Example 6A: Customer enters into a contract with a ship owner (Supplier) for the transportation of cargo from Rotterdam to Sydney on a specified ship. The ship is explicitly specified in the contract and Supplier does not have substitution rights. The cargo will occupy substantially all of the capacity of the ship. The contract specifies the cargo to be transported on the ship and the dates of pickup and delivery.</i></p>               <p base="F45932339" id="IFRS16_P0749" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Supplier operates and maintains the ship and is responsible for the safe passage of the cargo on board the ship. Customer is prohibited from hiring another operator for the ship or operating the ship itself during the term of the contract.</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932341" id="IFRS16_P0750" class="- topic/p ">The contract does not contain a lease.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932342" id="IFRS16_P0751" class="- topic/p ">There is an identified asset. The ship is explicitly specified in the contract and Supplier does not have the right to substitute that specified ship.                                </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932343" id="IFRS16_P0752" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the ship over the period of use. Its cargo will occupy substantially all of the capacity of the ship, thereby preventing other parties from obtaining economic benefits from use of the ship.                                </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932345" id="IFRS16_P0753" class="- topic/p ">However, Customer does not have the right to control the use of the ship because it does not have the right to direct its use. Customer does not have the right to direct how and for what purpose the ship is used.                                  How and for what purpose the ship will be used (ie the transportation of specified cargo from Rotterdam to Sydney within a specified timeframe) is predetermined in the contract. Customer has no right to change how and for what purpose the ship is used during the period of use. Customer has no other decision-making rights about the use of the ship during the period of use (for example, it does not have the right to operate the ship) and did not design the ship. Customer has the same rights regarding the use of the ship as if it were one of many customers transporting cargo on the ship.</p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932346" id="IFRS16_P0754" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Example 6B: Customer enters into a contract with Supplier for the use of a specified ship for a five-year period. The ship is explicitly specified in the contract and Supplier does not have substitution rights.</i></p>               <p base="F45932349" id="IFRS16_P0755" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Customer decides what cargo will be transported, and whether, when and to which ports the ship will sail, throughout the five-year period of use, subject to restrictions specified in the contract. Those restrictions prevent Customer from sailing the ship into waters at a high risk of piracy or carrying hazardous materials as cargo.</i></p>               <p base="F45932351" id="IFRS16_P0756" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Supplier operates and maintains the ship and is responsible for the safe passage of the cargo on board the ship. Customer is prohibited from hiring another operator for the ship of the contract or operating the ship itself during the term of the contract.</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932352" id="IFRS16_P0757" class="- topic/p ">The contract contains a lease. Customer has the right to use the ship for five years.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932353" id="IFRS16_P0758" class="- topic/p ">There is an identified asset. The ship is explicitly specified in the contract, and Supplier does not have the right to substitute that specified ship.                                </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932354" id="IFRS16_P0759" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to control the use of the ship throughout the five-year period of use because:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F45932356" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0082" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932357" id="IFRS16_P0760" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the ship over the five-year period of use. Customer has exclusive use of the ship throughout the period of use.                                        </p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932359" id="IFRS16_P0761" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to direct the use of the ship because the conditions in <xref href="IFRS16_gB24-B31.dita#IFRS16_gB24_B31/IFRS16_gB24_B31_TI" base="F47963885" id="IFRS16_X0595" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B24(a)</xref> exist. The contractual restrictions about where the ship can sail and the cargo to be transported by the ship define the scope of Customer’s right to use the ship. They are protective rights that protect Supplier’s investment in the ship and Supplier’s personnel.                                          Within the scope of its right of use, Customer makes the relevant decisions about how and for what purpose the ship is used throughout the five-year period of use because it decides whether, where and when the ship sails, as well as the cargo it will transport. Customer has the right to change these decisions throughout the five-year period of use.                                        </p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932360" id="IFRS16_P0762" class="- topic/p ">Although the operation and maintenance of the ship are essential to its efficient use, Supplier’s decisions in this regard do not give it the right to direct how and for what purpose the ship is used. Instead, Supplier’s decisions are dependent upon Customer’s decisions about how and for what purpose the ship is used.                                </p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL45932520" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS16_TAB0008" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Example 7—Aircraft             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932364" id="IFRS16_P0764" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Customer enters into a contract with an aircraft owner (Supplier) for the use of an explicitly specified aircraft for a two-year period. The contract details the interior and exterior specifications for the aircraft.</i></p>               <p base="F45932367" id="IFRS16_P0765" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">There are contractual and legal restrictions in the contract on where the aircraft can fly. Subject to those restrictions, Customer determines where and when the aircraft will fly, and which passengers and cargo will be transported on the aircraft. Supplier is responsible for operating the aircraft, using its own crew. Customer is prohibited from hiring another operator for the aircraft or operating the aircraft itself during the term of the contract.</i></p>               <p base="F45932369" id="IFRS16_P0766" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Supplier is permitted to substitute the aircraft at any time during the two-year period and must substitute the aircraft if it is not working. Any substitute aircraft must meet the interior and exterior specifications in the contract. There are significant costs involved in outfitting an aircraft in Supplier’s fleet to meet Customer’s specifications.</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932370" id="IFRS16_P0767" class="- topic/p ">The contract contains a lease. Customer has the right to use the aircraft for two years.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932371" id="IFRS16_P0768" class="- topic/p ">There is an identified asset. The aircraft is explicitly specified in the contract                                  and, although Supplier can substitute the aircraft, its substitution right is not substantive because the conditions in <xref href="IFRS16_gB14-B19.dita#IFRS16_gB14_B19/IFRS16_gB14_B19_TI" base="F47963886" id="IFRS16_X0600" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B14(b)</xref> do not exist. Supplier’s substitution right is not substantive because of the significant costs involved in outfitting another aircraft to meet the specifications required by the contract such that Supplier is not expected to benefit economically from substituting the aircraft.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932372" id="IFRS16_P0769" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to control the use of the aircraft throughout the two-year period of use because:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F45932374" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0083" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932375" id="IFRS16_P0770" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the aircraft over the two-year period of use. Customer has exclusive use of the aircraft throughout the period of use.                                        </p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932377" id="IFRS16_P0771" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to direct the use of the aircraft because the conditions in <xref href="IFRS16_gB24-B31.dita#IFRS16_gB24_B31/IFRS16_gB24_B31_TI" base="F47963887" id="IFRS16_X0602" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B24(a)</xref> exist. The restrictions on where the aircraft can fly define the scope of Customer’s right to use the aircraft. Within the scope of its right of use, Customer makes the relevant decisions about how and for what purpose the aircraft is used throughout the two-year period of use because it decides whether, where and when the aircraft travels as well as the passengers and cargo it will transport. Customer has the right to change these decisions throughout the two-year period of use.                                        </p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932378" id="IFRS16_P0772" class="- topic/p ">Although the operation of the aircraft is essential to its efficient use, Supplier’s decisions in this regard do not give it the right to direct how and for what purpose the aircraft is used. Consequently, Supplier does not control the use of the aircraft during the period of use and Supplier’s decisions do not affect Customer’s control of the use of the aircraft.                                </p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL45932521" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS16_TAB0009" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Example 8—Contract for shirts             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932382" id="IFRS16_P0774" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Customer enters into a contract with a manufacturer (Supplier) to purchase a particular type, quality and quantity of shirts for a three-year period. The type, quality and quantity of shirts are specified in the contract.</i></p>               <p base="F45932385" id="IFRS16_P0775" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Supplier has only one factory that can meet the needs of Customer. Supplier is unable to supply the shirts from another factory or source the shirts from a third party supplier. The capacity of the factory exceeds the output for which Customer has contracted (ie Customer has not contracted for substantially all of the capacity of the factory).</i></p>               <p base="F45932387" id="IFRS16_P0776" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Supplier makes all decisions about the operations of the factory, including the production level at which to run the factory and which customer contracts to fulfil with the output of the factory that is not used to fulfil Customer’s contract.</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932389" id="IFRS16_P0777" class="- topic/p ">The contract does not contain a lease.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932390" id="IFRS16_P0778" class="- topic/p ">The factory is an identified asset. The factory is implicitly specified because Supplier can fulfil the contract only through the use of this asset.                                </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932391" id="IFRS16_P0779" class="- topic/p ">Customer does not control the use of the factory because it does not have the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the factory. This is because Supplier could decide to use the factory to fulfil other customer contracts during the period of use.                                </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932392" id="IFRS16_P0780" class="- topic/p ">Customer also does not control the use of the factory because it does not have the right to direct the use of the factory. Customer does not have the right to direct how and for what purpose the factory is used during the three-year period of use. Customer’s rights are limited to specifying output from the factory in the contract with Supplier. Customer has the same rights regarding the use of the factory as other customers purchasing shirts from the factory. Supplier has the right to direct the use of the factory because Supplier can decide how and for what purpose the factory is used (ie Supplier has the right to decide the production level at which to run the factory and which customer contracts to fulfil with the output produced).                                </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932393" id="IFRS16_P0781" class="- topic/p ">Either the fact that Customer does not have the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the factory, or that Customer does not have the right to direct the use of the factory, would be sufficient in isolation to conclude that Customer does not control the use of the factory.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL45932522" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS16_TAB0010" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Example 9—Contract for energy/power             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="4" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932397" id="IFRS16_P0783" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Example 9A: a utility company (Customer) enters into a contract with a power company (Supplier) to purchase all of the electricity produced by a new solar farm for 20 years. The solar farm is explicitly specified in the contract and Supplier has no substitution rights. The solar farm is owned by Supplier and the energy cannot be provided to Customer from another asset. Customer designed the solar farm before it was constructed—Customer hired experts in solar energy to assist in determining the location of the farm and the engineering of the equipment to be used. Supplier is responsible for building the solar farm to Customer’s specifications, and then operating and maintaining it. There are no decisions to be made about whether, when or how much electricity will be produced because the design of the asset has predetermined those decisions. Supplier will receive tax credits relating to the construction and ownership of the solar farm, while Customer receives renewable energy credits that accrue from use of the solar farm.</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932399" id="IFRS16_P0784" class="- topic/p ">The contract contains a lease. Customer has the right to use the solar farm for 20 years.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932400" id="IFRS16_P0785" class="- topic/p ">There is an identified asset because the solar farm is explicitly specified in the contract, and Supplier does not have the right to substitute the specified solar farm.                                </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932401" id="IFRS16_P0786" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to control the use of the solar farm throughout the 20-year period of use because:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F45932403" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0084" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932404" id="IFRS16_P0787" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the solar farm over the 20-year period of use. Customer has exclusive use of the solar farm; it takes all of the electricity produced by the farm over the 20-year period of use as well as the renewable energy credits that are a by-product from use of the solar farm. Although Supplier will receive economic benefits from the solar farm in the form of tax credits, those economic benefits relate to the ownership of the solar farm rather than the use of the solar farm and, thus, are not considered in this assessment.                                        </p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">	               <ol outputclass="static" base="F59850127" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0085" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932406" id="IFRS16_P0788" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to direct the use of the solar farm because the conditions in <xref href="IFRS16_gB24-B31.dita#IFRS16_gB24_B31/IFRS16_gB24_B31_TI" base="F47963888" id="IFRS16_X0610" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B24(b)(ii)</xref> exist. Neither Customer, nor Supplier, decides how and for what purpose the solar farm is used during the period of use because those decisions are predetermined by the design of the asset (ie the design of the solar farm has, in effect, programmed into the asset any relevant decision-making rights about how and for what purpose the solar farm is used throughout the period of use). Customer does not operate the solar farm; Supplier makes the decisions about the operation of the solar farm. However, Customer’s design of the solar farm has given it the right to direct the use of the farm. Because the design of the solar farm has predetermined how and for what purpose the asset will be used throughout the period of use, Customer’s control over that design is substantively no different from Customer controlling those decisions.                                        </p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932407" id="IFRS16_P0789" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Example 9B: Customer enters into a contract with Supplier to purchase all of the power produced by an explicitly specified power plant for three years. The power plant is owned and operated by Supplier. Supplier is unable to provide power to Customer from another plant. The contract sets out the quantity and timing of power that the power plant will produce throughout the period of use, which cannot be changed in the absence of extraordinary circumstances (for example, emergency situations). Supplier operates and maintains the plant on a daily basis in accordance with industry-approved operating practices. Supplier designed the power plant when it was constructed some years before entering into the contract with Customer—Customer had no involvement in that design.</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932409" id="IFRS16_P0790" class="- topic/p ">The contract does not contain a lease.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932410" id="IFRS16_P0791" class="- topic/p ">There is an identified asset because the power plant is explicitly specified in the contract, and Supplier does not have the right to substitute the specified plant.                                </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932411" id="IFRS16_P0792" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the identified power plant over the three-year period of use. Customer will take all of the power produced by the power plant over the three-year period of use.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932412" id="IFRS16_P0793" class="- topic/p ">However, Customer does not have the right to control the use of the power plant because it does not have the right to direct its use. Customer does not have the right to direct how and for what purpose the plant is used.                                  How and for what purpose the plant is used (ie whether, when and how much power the plant will produce) is predetermined in the contract. Customer has no right to change how and for what purpose the plant is used during the period of use. Customer has no other decision-making rights about the use of the power plant during the period of use (for example, it does not operate the power plant) and did not design the plant. Supplier is the only party that can make decisions about the plant during the period of use by making the decisions about how the plant is operated and maintained. Customer has the same rights regarding the use of the plant as if it were one of many customers obtaining power from the plant.                                </p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="3" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932416" id="IFRS16_P0794" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Example 9C: Customer enters into a contract with Supplier to purchase all of the power produced by an explicitly specified power plant for 10 years. The contract states that Customer has rights to all of the power produced by the plant (ie Supplier cannot use the plant to fulfil other contracts).</i></p>               <p base="F45932419" id="IFRS16_P0795" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Customer issues instructions to Supplier about the quantity and timing of the delivery of power. If the plant is not producing power for Customer, it does not operate.</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932420" id="IFRS16_P0796" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Supplier operates and maintains the plant on a daily basis in accordance with industry-approved operating practices.</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932422" id="IFRS16_P0797" class="- topic/p ">The contract contains a lease. Customer has the right to use the power plant for 10 years.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932423" id="IFRS16_P0798" class="- topic/p ">There is an identified asset. The power plant is explicitly specified in the contract and Supplier does not have the right to substitute the specified plant.                                </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932424" id="IFRS16_P0799" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to control the use of the power plant throughout the 10-year period of use because:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F45932426" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0086" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932428" id="IFRS16_P0800" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the power plant over the 10-year period of use. Customer has exclusive use of the power plant; it has rights to all of the power produced by the power plant throughout the 10-year period of use.                                        </p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932430" id="IFRS16_P0801" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to direct the use of the power plant because the conditions in <xref href="IFRS16_gB24-B31.dita#IFRS16_gB24_B31/IFRS16_gB24_B31_TI" base="F47963928" id="IFRS16_X0617" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B24(a)</xref> exist. Customer makes the relevant decisions about how and for what purpose the power plant is used because it has the right to determine whether, when and how much power the plant will produce (ie the timing and quantity, if any, of power produced) throughout the period of use. Because Supplier is prevented from using the power plant for another purpose, Customer’s decision-making about the timing and quantity of power produced, in effect, determines when, and whether, the plant produces output.                                        </p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932431" id="IFRS16_P0802" class="- topic/p ">Although the operation and maintenance of the power plant are essential to its efficient use, Supplier’s decisions in this regard do not give it the right to direct how and for what purpose the power plant is used.                                  Consequently, Supplier does not control the use of the power plant during the period of use. Instead, Supplier’s decisions are dependent upon Customer’s decisions about how and for what purpose the power plant is used.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL45932523" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS16_TAB0011" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Example 10—Contract for network services             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932432" id="IFRS16_P0804" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Example 10A: Customer enters into a contract with a telecommunications company (Supplier) for network services for two years. The contract requires Supplier to supply network services that meet a specified quality level. In order to provide the services, Supplier installs and configures servers at Customer’s premises—Supplier determines the speed and quality of data transportation in the network using the servers. Supplier can reconfigure or replace the servers when needed to continuously provide the quality of network services defined in the contract. Customer does not operate the servers or make any significant decisions about their use.</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932434" id="IFRS16_P0805" class="- topic/p ">The contract does not contain a lease. Instead, the contract is a service contract in which Supplier uses the equipment to meet the level of network services determined by Customer.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932435" id="IFRS16_P0806" class="- topic/p ">There is no need to assess whether the servers installed at Customer’s premises are identified assets. This assessment would not change the analysis of whether the contract contains a lease because Customer does not have the right to control the use of the servers.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932436" id="IFRS16_P0807" class="- topic/p ">Customer does not control the use of the servers because Customer’s only decision-making rights relate to deciding upon the level of network services (the output of the servers) before the period of use—the level of network services cannot be changed during the period of use without modifying the contract. For example, even though Customer produces the data to be transported, that activity does not directly affect the configuration of the network services and, thus, it does not affect how and for what purpose the servers are used.                                </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932437" id="IFRS16_P0808" class="- topic/p ">Supplier is the only party that can make relevant decisions about the use of the servers during the period of use. Supplier has the right to decide how data is transported using the servers, whether to reconfigure the servers and whether to use the servers for another purpose. Accordingly, Supplier controls the use of the servers in providing network services to Customer.</p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932438" id="IFRS16_P0809" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Example 10B: Customer enters into a contract with an information technology company (Supplier) for the use of an identified server for three years. Supplier delivers and installs the server at Customer’s premises in accordance with Customer’s instructions, and provides repair and maintenance services for the server, as needed, throughout the period of use.</i>                                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Supplier substitutes the server only in the case of malfunction. Customer decides which data to store on the server and how to integrate the server within its operations. Customer can change its decisions in this regard throughout the period of use.</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932440" id="IFRS16_P0810" class="- topic/p ">The contract contains a lease. Customer has the right to use the server for three years.</p>               <p base="F45932441" id="IFRS16_P0811" class="- topic/p ">There is an identified asset. The server is explicitly specified in the contract.                                  Supplier can substitute the server only if it is malfunctioning (see <xref href="IFRS16_B18.dita#IFRS16_B18" base="F47963929" id="IFRS16_X0623" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B18</xref>).</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F45932442" id="IFRS16_P0812" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to control the use of the server throughout the three-year period of use because:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F45932444" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0087" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932445" id="IFRS16_P0813" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the server over the three-year period of use. Customer has exclusive use of the server throughout the period of use.                                        </p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932447" id="IFRS16_P0814" class="- topic/p ">Customer has the right to direct the use of the server (because the conditions in <xref href="IFRS16_gB24-B31.dita#IFRS16_gB24_B31/IFRS16_gB24_B31_TI" base="F47963930" id="IFRS16_X0625" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B24(a)</xref> exist). Customer makes the relevant decisions about how and for what purpose the server is used because it has the right to decide which aspect of its operations the server is used to support and which data it stores on the server. Customer is the only party that can make decisions about the use of the server during the period of use.                                        </p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>