<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IAS37_39" base="SL32446" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>39</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 37"/><data name="paranum" value="39"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS37_P0135">Uncertainties surrounding the amount to be recognised as a provision are dealt with by various means according to the circumstances. Where the provision being measured involves a large population of items, the obligation is estimated by weighting all possible outcomes by their associated probabilities. The name for this statistical method of estimation is ‘expected value’. The provision will therefore be different depending on whether the probability of a loss of a given amount is, for example, 60 per cent or 90 per cent. Where there is a continuous range of possible outcomes, and each point in that range is as likely as any other, the mid‑point of the range is used. </p><table id="IAS37_TAB0001" base="SL82238" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><thead><row><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left"> Example</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IAS37_P0137" base="SL146022">An entity sells goods with a warranty under which customers are covered for the cost of repairs of any manufacturing defects that become apparent within the first six months after purchase. If minor defects were detected in all products sold, repair costs of 1 million would result. If major defects were detected in all products sold, repair costs of 4 million would result. The entity’s past experience and future expectations indicate that, for the coming year, 75 per cent of the goods sold will have no defects, 20 per cent of the goods sold will have minor defects and 5 per cent of the goods sold will have major defects. In accordance with <xref id="IAS37_X0168" base="SL12116781" href="IAS37_24.dita#IAS37_24">paragraph 24</xref>, an entity assesses the probability of an outflow for the warranty obligations as a whole.</p> <p id="IAS37_P0138" base="SL146023">The expected value of the cost of repairs is:</p> <p id="IAS37_P0139" base="SL146024">(75% of nil) + (20% of 1m) + (5% of 4m) = 400,000</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>