<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="SL32417" principles="yes" id="IAS37_10"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>10</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS&#xa0;37"/><data name="paranum" value="10"/></prolog><body outputclass="bold"><p id="IAS37_P0055">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings specified: </p><p base="SL145940" id="IAS37_P0056">A <i>provision</i> is a liability of uncertain timing or amount.</p><variants id="IAS37_P0057">              <p base="SL75084249" id="IAS37_P0057_V2">A <i>liability</i> is a         present obligation  of the entity arising from past events,          the settlement of which is expected to result in an outflow from the entity of resources         embodying economic benefits.<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS37_FN0005" type="fn"/></p>     </variants><p base="SL145942" id="IAS37_P0058">An <i>obligating event</i> is an event that creates a legal or constructive obligation that results in an entity having no realistic       alternative to settling that obligation.</p><p base="SL145943" id="IAS37_P0059">A <i>legal obligation</i> is an obligation that derives       from:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL145944" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS37_L0007"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL145946" id="IAS37_P0060">a contract (through its explicit or implicit terms);</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL145948" id="IAS37_P0061">legislation; or</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="SL145950" id="IAS37_P0062">other operation of law.</p>       </li></ol><p base="SL145951" id="IAS37_P0063" outputclass="keep_with_next">A <i>constructive obligation</i> is an obligation that       derives from an entity&#x2019;s actions where:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL145952" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS37_L0008"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL145954" id="IAS37_P0064">by an established pattern of past practice, published           policies or a sufficiently specific current statement, the entity has indicated to other           parties that it will accept certain responsibilities; and</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL145956" id="IAS37_P0065">as a result, the entity has created a valid expectation           on the part of those other parties that it will discharge those responsibilities.</p>       </li></ol><p base="SL145957" id="IAS37_P0067">A <i>contingent liability</i> is: </p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL145958" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS37_L0009"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL145960" id="IAS37_P0068">a possible obligation that arises from past events            and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non&#x2011;occurrence of one or           more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the entity; or</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL145962" id="IAS37_P0069">a present obligation  that arises from past events but is not recognised because: </p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="SL145963" type="lower-roman" id="IAS37_L0010"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="SL145965" id="IAS37_P0070">it is not probable that an outflow of resources               embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation;  or</p>           </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="SL145967" id="IAS37_P0071">the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with               sufficient reliability.</p>           </li></ol>       </li></ol><p base="SL145968" id="IAS37_P0072">A <i>contingent asset</i> is a possible asset that arises       from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or       non&#x2011;occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the         entity.</p><p base="SL145969" id="IAS37_P0073">An <i>onerous contract</i> is a contract in which the       unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the economic benefits       expected to be received under it.</p><p base="SL145970" id="IAS37_P0074">A <i>restructuring</i> is a programme that is planned and       controlled by management, and materially changes either: </p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL145971" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS37_L0011"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL145973" id="IAS37_P0075">the scope of a business undertaken by an entity; or</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL145975" id="IAS37_P0076">the manner in which that business is conducted.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>