<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_BC162" base="F55751607" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC162</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC162" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv base="IFRS2020-3" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="IFRS17_P6105" class="- topic/p ">However, it may be more difficult to decide the contract boundary if the         contract binds one party more tightly than the other. For example:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS17_L0482" base="F55751609" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P6106" base="F55751610" class="- topic/p ">an entity may price a contract so that the premiums             charged in early periods subsidise the premiums charged in later periods, even if the             contract states that each premium relates to an equivalent period of coverage. This             would be the case if the contract charges level premiums and the risks covered by the             contract increase with time. The Board concluded that the premiums charged in later             periods would be within the boundary of the contract because, after the first period of             coverage, the policyholder has obtained something of value, namely the ability to             continue coverage at a level price despite increasing risk.<xref type="fn" keyref="footnotes/IFRS17_BC160_BC162_BC163_FN0001" class="- topic/xref "/></p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P6107" base="F55751612" class="- topic/p ">an insurance contract might bind the entity, but not             the policyholder, by requiring the entity to continue to accept premiums and provide             coverage but permitting the policyholder to stop paying premiums, although possibly             incurring a penalty. In the Board’s view, the premiums the entity is required to             accept and the resulting coverage it is required to provide fall within the boundary of             the contract.<xref type="fn" keyref="footnotes/IFRS17_BC160_BC162_BC163_FN0001" class="- topic/xref "/></p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P6108" base="F55751614" class="- topic/p ">an insurance contract may permit an entity to             reprice the contract on the basis of general market experience (for example, mortality             experience), without permitting the entity to reassess the individual             policyholder’s risk profile (for example, the policyholder’s health). In             this case, the insurance contract binds the entity by requiring it to provide the             policyholder with something of value: continuing insurance coverage without the need to             undergo underwriting again. Although the terms of the contract are such that the             policyholder has a benefit in renewing the contract, and thus the entity expects that             renewals will occur, the contract does not require the policyholder to renew the             contract. The Board originally decided that ignoring the entity’s expectation of             renewals would not reflect the economic circumstances created by the contract for the             entity. Consequently, the Board originally proposed that if the entity can reprice an             existing contract for general but not individual-specific changes in             policyholders’ risk profiles, the cash flows resulting from the renewals repriced             in this way lie within the boundaries of the existing contract.</p></li></ol>     </bodydiv></body></paragraph>