<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_BC245" base="F55753439" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC245</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC245" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS17_P6272" class="- topic/p ">The Board then considered how to specify when the entity’s share of underlying items is viewed as part of the variable fee for service. The Board decided the underlying items do not need to be a portfolio of financial assets. They can comprise items such as the net assets of the entity or a subsidiary within the group that is the reporting entity. The Board also decided that all the following conditions need to be met:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS17_L0512" base="F55753441" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6273" base="F55753442" class="- topic/p ">the contract specifies a determinable fee. For this to be the case, the contract needs to specify that the policyholder participates in a share of a clearly identified pool of underlying items. Without a determinable fee, which can be expressed as a percentage of portfolio returns or portfolio asset values rather than only as a monetary amount, the share of returns on the underlying items the entity retains would be entirely at the discretion of the entity, and, in the Board’s view, this would not be consistent with that amount being equivalent to a fee.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6274" base="F55753444" class="- topic/p ">the entity’s primary obligation is to pay to the policyholder an amount equal to the fair value of the underlying items. For this to be the case:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS17_L0513" base="F55753446" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6275" base="F55753447" class="- topic/p ">the entity should expect to pay to the policyholder an amount equal to a substantial share of the fair value returns on the underlying items. It would not be a faithful representation to depict an obligation to pay an amount equal to the fair value of the underlying items if the policyholder does not expect to receive a substantial part of the fair value returns on the underlying items.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6276" base="F55753449" class="- topic/p ">the entity should expect a substantial proportion of any change in the amounts to be paid to the policyholder to vary with the change in fair value of the underlying items. It would not be a faithful representation to depict an obligation to pay an amount equal to the fair value of the underlying items if the entity were not to expect changes in the amount to be paid to vary with the change in fair value of the underlying items.</p></li></ol></li></ol></body></paragraph>