<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_BC330D" base="IFRS2020-3" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC330D</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS2020-3" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC330D" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p class="- topic/p ">Some stakeholders suggested a different, more disaggregated approach to presentation in the statement of financial position. Applying IFRS 4, some entities presented separately in the statement of financial position different amounts arising from an insurance contract, as if those different amounts were separate assets or liabilities. For example, some entities presented an insurance contract liability and line items labelled as premiums receivable, claims payable and deferred acquisition costs. Entities differed in what line items they presented and in the definitions of those line items. For example, some entities presented amounts that were not yet billed as premiums receivable whereas other entities presented only billed amounts that remain outstanding. Some stakeholders said they would like to continue further disaggregation because they view such disaggregated line items as providing meaningful information to users of financial statements. The Board disagreed with suggestions to permit an entity to continue such disaggregation because it could result in the presentation of amounts that are not separable assets or liabilities. For example, premiums receivable for future insurance coverage is not a gross asset separable from the related liability for the future insurance coverage.</p></body></paragraph>