<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_BC224" base="F55753341" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC224</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC224" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv base="IFRS2020-3" class="- topic/bodydiv ">             <p id="IFRS17_P6225" class="- topic/p ">Having concluded that changes in estimates of the fulfilment cash                 flows relating to future service should adjust the contractual service margin, the                 Board further decided that:</p>             <ol outputclass="static" base="F55753343" id="IFRS17_L0503" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                     <p base="F55753344" id="IFRS17_P6226" class="- topic/p ">it would not limit the amount by which the                         contractual service margin could be increased. Favourable changes in                         estimates—whether lower than expected cash outflows, higher than expected                         cash inflows or reductions in the risk adjustment for non-financial                         risk—increase the profit that the entity will recognise from the                     group.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                     <p base="F55753346" id="IFRS17_P6227" class="- topic/p ">the contractual service margin cannot be                         negative for a group of insurance contracts issued. Therefore, once the                         contractual service margin is reduced to zero, expected losses arising from                         the group will be recognised immediately in profit or loss. Any excess of                         the increase in the fulfilment cash flows over the contractual service                         margin means the group is expected to be onerous (ie loss-making) rather                         than profit-making in the future. Such losses are recognised as an increase                         in the liability and corresponding expense in the period.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>                     <p base="F55753348" id="IFRS17_P6228" class="- topic/p ">only changes in estimates of fulfilment                         cash flows relating to future service result in an adjustment to the                         contractual service margin. Consistent with viewing the contractual service                         margin as unearned future profit, changes that relate to current or past                         periods do not affect the contractual service margin. <xref href="IFRS17_gBC227-BC237.dita#IFRS17_gBC227_BC237/IFRS17_gBC227_BC237_TI" base="F59385003" id="IFRS17_X1688" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraphs BC227–BC247</xref> discuss which changes in                         estimates relate to future service.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>                     <p base="F55753350" id="IFRS17_P6229" class="- topic/p ">changes in estimates of fulfilment cash                         flows relating to future service include changes in the risk adjustment for                         non-financial risk that relate to future service.<xref type="fn" keyref="footnotes/IFRS17_BC224_FN0001" class="- topic/xref "/></p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>                     <p base="F55753352" id="IFRS17_P6230" class="- topic/p ">adjustments to the contractual service                         margin are recognised prospectively using the latest estimates of the                         fulfilment cash flows. Except in the case of onerous groups of insurance                         contracts as explained in (b), any changes are recognised in profit or loss                         when the contractual service margin is recognised over the current period                         and the coverage period remaining after the adjustments are made. Revisions                         in estimates that adjust the contractual service margin result in a transfer                         between the components of the insurance contract liability, with no change                         in the total carrying amount of the liability. Therefore, the total                         insurance contract liability is remeasured for changes in estimates of                         expected cash flows only if there is an unfavourable change relating to                         future service that exceeds the remaining balance of the contractual service                         margin, ie if the group of insurance contracts becomes onerous. This                         remeasurement requirement is consistent with the measurement of contract                         liabilities under <xref href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001/IFRS15_TOC0001_V2" base="F59385004" id="IFRS17_X1689" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 15</xref>, which also does not remeasure                         performance obligations based on changes in estimates of future cash flows                         unless a contract is onerous.</p></li></ol>         </bodydiv></body></paragraph>