<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_BC5" base="F55750786" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC5</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC5" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS17_P5760" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 17 is the outcome of the second phase of the Board’s project. It is a comprehensive Standard for accounting for insurance contracts. It is the result of the proposals set out in the following consultation documents previously published by the Board:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS17_L0416" base="F55750788" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P5761" base="F55750790" class="- topic/p ">the 2007 Discussion Paper, which set out the Board’s preliminary views on the main components of an accounting model for an entity’s rights and obligations (assets and liabilities) arising from an insurance contract. The Board received 162 comment letters about those preliminary views.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P5762" base="F55750792" class="- topic/p ">the 2010 Exposure Draft of proposals for a Standard on insurance contracts. The Board received 251 comment letters about the proposals.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P5763" base="F55750794" class="- topic/p ">the 2013 Exposure Draft of revised proposals on targeted aspects of the proposed Standard. The Board received 194 comment letters about the proposals.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>