<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_BC279" base="F55753513" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC279</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC279" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv base="IFRS2020-3" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="IFRS17_P6315" class="- topic/p ">As discussed in <xref href="IFRS17_gBC21-BC21.dita#IFRS17_gBC21_BC21/IFRS17_gBC21_BC21_TI" id="IFRS17_X1728" base="F59389140" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph         BC21</xref>, the Board views the contractual service margin as depicting the unearned profit         for coverage and other services provided over the coverage period. Insurance coverage is the         defining service provided by insurance contracts. The Board noted that an entity provides         this service over the whole of the coverage period, and not just when it incurs a claim.         Consequently, IFRS 17 requires the contractual service margin to be recognised over the         coverage period in a pattern that reflects the provision of coverage as required by the         contract. To achieve this, the contractual service margin for a group of insurance contracts         remaining (before any allocation) at the end of the reporting period is allocated over the         coverage provided in the current period and expected remaining future coverage, on the basis         of coverage units, reflecting the expected duration and quantity of benefits provided by         contracts in the group. The Board considered whether:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS17_L0516" base="F56114606" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P6316" base="F56114607" class="- topic/p ">the contractual service margin should be allocated             based on the pattern of expected cash flows or on the change in the risk adjustment for             non-financial risk caused by the release of risk. However, the Board decided the pattern             of expected cash flows and the release of the risk adjustment for non-financial risk are             not relevant factors in determining the satisfaction of the performance obligation of             the entity. They are already included in the measurement of the fulfilment cash flows             and do not need to be considered in the allocation of the contractual service margin.             Hence, the Board concluded that coverage units better reflect the provision of insurance             coverage.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P6317" base="F56114609" class="- topic/p ">the contractual service margin should be allocated             before any adjustments made because of changes in fulfilment cash flows that relate to             future service. However, the Board concluded that allocating the amount of the             contractual service margin adjusted for the most up-to-date assumptions provides the             most relevant information about the profit earned from service provided in the period             and the profit to be earned in the future from future service.<xref type="fn" keyref="footnotes/IFRS17_BC279_BC280_BC283_FN0001" class="- topic/xref "/></p></li></ol>     </bodydiv></body></paragraph>