<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_BC31" base="F55750998" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC31</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC31" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS17_P5843" class="- topic/p ">The Board considered the view that lack of comparability between the presentation of insurance results and revenue amounts reported by entities in other sectors would not be a significant disadvantage to users of financial statements of entities that issue insurance contracts. In the view of some, users of financial statements do not typically compare the results of entities that issue insurance contracts with those of other entities. Instead, they argue that many users of financial statements that specialise in the insurance sector rely on the disaggregated information in the notes to the financial statements. Therefore, those who held this view expected users of financial statements to derive little value from the information reported in the statement(s) of financial performance because:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS17_L0437" base="F55751000" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P5844" base="F55751001" class="- topic/p ">the accounting models for life insurance contracts, unlike those for other transactions, typically measure the profit from insurance contracts directly through the changes in the insurance contract liability. In contrast, the profit from other transactions is measured as the difference between revenue and expenses.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P5845" base="F55751003" class="- topic/p ">measures of total premiums that include both revenue and investment components are considered by some to be the most meaningful measure of gross performance and growth for insurance contracts. Such measures give information about the total increase in assets under management. However, those with this view accept that this measure is inconsistent with usual concepts of revenue and therefore accept that this information should not be presented in the statement(s) of financial performance. Applying IFRS 17, this would instead be reported in the notes to the financial statements and elsewhere.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>