<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_BC10" base="F55750846" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC10</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC10" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv base="IFRS2020-3" class="- topic/bodydiv ">             <p id="IFRS17_P5776" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">If the Board extended the scope of                 existing IFRS Standards to include insurance contracts, an entity would need to:</p>             <ol outputclass="static" base="F55750848" id="IFRS17_L0420" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                     <p base="F55750849" id="IFRS17_P5777" class="- topic/p ">identify service components and investment                         components within each premium that it receives. The Board decided that it                         would be difficult for an entity to routinely separate components of an                         insurance contract, and setting requirements to do so would result in                         complexity. Such separation would also ignore interdependencies between                         components, with the result that the sum of the values of the components may                         not always equal the value of the contract as a whole, even on initial                         recognition.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                     <p base="F55750852" id="IFRS17_P5778" class="- topic/p ">account for the service component in                         applying <xref href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001/IFRS15_TOC0001_V2" base="F59357465" id="IFRS17_X1366" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 15</xref>. As noted in <xref href="IFRS17_BC26.dita#IFRS17_BC26" base="F59357466" id="IFRS17_X1367" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph                             BC26(a)</xref>, the Board decided that the results of IFRS 17 are                         broadly consistent with those of IFRS 15, subject to requiring additional                         remeasurement. But the Board also decided that:</p>                     <ol outputclass="static" base="F55750854" id="IFRS17_L0421" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>                             <p base="F55750855" id="IFRS17_P5779" class="- topic/p ">the specific requirements of                                 IFRS 17 are necessary to determine how to account for particular                                 aspects of insurance contracts.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>                             <p base="F55750857" id="IFRS17_P5780" class="- topic/p ">the additional remeasurement is                                 necessary to give relevant information; for example, information                                 about the financial aspects of insurance contracts that are more                                 significant for many insurance contracts than for contracts in the                                     <xref href="../ifrs15/IFRS15_g5-8.dita#IFRS15_g5_8/IFRS15_g5_8_TI" base="F61090888" id="IFRS17_X1368" class="- topic/xref ">scope of IFRS 15</xref>. In particular, when                                 applying IFRS 17, changes in financial assumptions will be                                 recognised earlier for some insurance contracts than they would be                                 when applying IFRS 15.</p></li></ol></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>                     <p base="F55750859" id="IFRS17_P5781" class="- topic/p ">account for its liability for incurred                         claims in applying <xref href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" base="F59357507" id="IFRS17_X1369" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 37</xref>. IAS 37 would require the measurement of the liability to                         reflect current estimates of cash flows and a current market-based discount                         rate, which would reflect risks specific to the liability. This measurement                         would be broadly consistent with the requirements in IFRS 17 for the                         measurement of the liability for incurred claims.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>                     <p base="F55750861" id="IFRS17_P5782" class="- topic/p ">apply the financial instruments Standards                         to the investment component. If an entity accounted for the investment                         components of an insurance contract in the same way it accounts for other                         financial liabilities, it would, consistent with IFRS 17, not recognise                         principal deposited as revenue and would account separately for embedded                         options and guarantees when so required by <xref href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001" base="F70527840" id="IFRS17_X1370" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 9</xref>. However, it would also:</p>                     <ol outputclass="static" base="F55750863" id="IFRS17_L0422" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>                             <p base="F55750864" id="IFRS17_P5783" class="- topic/p ">measure the investment components                                 at fair value through profit or loss or at amortised cost, as                                 applicable. The Board decided that measuring all interrelated cash                                 flows using the same current value measurement required by IFRS 17                                 provides more useful information.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>                             <p base="F55750866" id="IFRS17_P5784" class="- topic/p ">measure the investment components                                 so that the fair value of the investment component would be no less                                 than the amount payable on demand, discounted from the first date                                 the payment could be required (the deposit floor). This is discussed                                 in <xref href="IFRS17_gBC165-BC166.dita#IFRS17_gBC165_BC166/IFRS17_gBC165_BC166_TI" base="F59357509" id="IFRS17_X1371" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC165–BC166</xref>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>                             <p base="F55750868" id="IFRS17_P5785" class="- topic/p ">recognise, for investment                                 components measured at fair value through profit or loss, the costs                                 of originating contracts as an expense when incurred, with no                                 corresponding gain at inception. For investment components measured                                 at amortised cost, incremental transaction costs relating to the                                 investment component would reduce the initial carrying amount of                                 that liability. The treatment of insurance acquisition cash flows                                 applying IFRS 17 is discussed in <xref href="IFRS17_gBC175-BC184.dita#IFRS17_gBC175_BC184/IFRS17_gBC175_BC184_TI" base="F59357510" id="IFRS17_X1372" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC175–BC184K</xref>.</p></li></ol></li></ol>         </bodydiv></body></paragraph>