<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_BC37" base="F55751013" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC37</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC37" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS17_P5851" class="- topic/p ">A consequence of the decision to measure the satisfaction of the entity’s performance obligations in each period using the change in the measurement of the liability for remaining coverage during each period is that insurance revenue will be recognised partly on the basis of the expected claims and benefits. Some expressed concern about this and hence questioned whether the service provided by an insurance contract was adequately represented by the change in the measurement of an entity’s obligation. Rather, they thought that revenue (the gross amount) ought to be determined independently of changes in the obligation (the net amount). One way of doing this would be to use time-based methods for measuring progress, such as those typically used for other contracts. However, the Board concluded that time-based methods of allocating premiums would not reflect the fact that the value of the services provided in each period may differ. Instead, the Board noted that the amount reported as the liability for remaining coverage represents the value of the obligation to provide services. The Board therefore concluded that the reduction in the liability for remaining coverage is a reasonable representation of the value of the performance obligation to provide services that was satisfied in the period. The reduction in the liability for remaining coverage includes an allocation of the contractual service margin to reflect the services provided in the period. That allocation reflects the quantity of benefits provided and duration of contracts in a group. The other changes in the liability for remaining coverage that represent revenue for the period are measured using current assumptions. The total change in the liability for remaining coverage that represents revenue therefore faithfully represents the amount of insurance revenue that the entity is entitled to.</p></body></paragraph>