<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_BC249D" base="IFRS2020-3" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC249D</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS2020-3" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC249D" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p class="- topic/p ">In June 2020, the Board amended paragraph B107 of IFRS 17 to replace a reference to ‘the       group of insurance contracts’ with ‘the insurance contract’. Applying paragraph B101 of IFRS       17, an entity assesses whether an insurance contract (rather than a group of insurance       contracts) is within the scope of the variable fee approach. The reference to a group of       insurance contracts in paragraph B107 of IFRS 17 was a drafting error and was inconsistent       with the requirements in paragraph B101 of IFRS 17. Some stakeholders said this amendment       would be a major change and disruptive to IFRS 17 implementation. Those stakeholders had       assumed that an entity was required to apply the criteria for the scope of the variable fee       approach at a group level. The Board concluded that it needed to fix the drafting error in       paragraph B107 of IFRS 17 to enable consistent application of the requirements. The Board       noted that some stakeholders had interpreted a contract-level assessment as being more       burdensome than it is because they thought an individual assessment was required for every       contract. However, the Board observed that one assessment should be sufficient for an entity       to determine whether the criteria are met for each contract in a set of homogenous contracts       issued in the same market conditions and priced on the same basis.</p></body></paragraph>