<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_BC338" base="F55753770" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC338</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC338" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS17_P6416" class="- topic/p ">However, the Board rejected this approach because:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS17_L0534" base="F55753772" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6417" base="F55753773" class="- topic/p ">the gross performance measure presented using a premiums-due approach would be inconsistent with commonly understood concepts of revenue and would be likely to mislead non-specialist users of financial statements. In particular, in a premiums-due approach:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS17_L0535" base="F55753775" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6418" base="F55753776" class="- topic/p ">revenue would typically be recognised before the entity has performed the corresponding service.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6419" base="F55753778" class="- topic/p ">the amounts presented as revenue and claims, benefits and expenses would vary depending on when a contract requires payment of the premium. For example, if a premium is due at the start of the contract, then all revenue and expenses are presented in the period the contract is issued. If the premium is instead due annually, the revenue and expenses would be presented at that point in each year. Thus, revenue and expenses may not indicate when the entity performs the service.</p></li></ol></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6420" base="F55753780" class="- topic/p ">the premiums-due approach typically reports amounts billed in the period and includes in expenses an amount representing the premiums expected to relate to claims in the future. The Board decided that reporting claims and expenses when incurred would provide useful information to users of financial statements, as discussed in <xref href="IFRS17_gBC343-BC344.dita#IFRS17_gBC343_BC344/IFRS17_gBC343_BC344_TI" id="IFRS17_X1781" base="F59408383" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC343–BC344</xref>. As noted in <xref href="IFRS17_BC344.dita#IFRS17_BC344" id="IFRS17_X1782" base="F59408385" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph BC344</xref>, when revenue is measured using a premium approach, the incurred claims must be reconciled to the amount of expenses presented in the period and a balancing figure must be presented in profit or loss. Feedback from users of financial statements suggested that this balancing figure is difficult for users to interpret when analysing insurers’ performance in the period.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>