<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS10_BC225" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC225</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 10" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC225" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant base="SL38871249" id="IFRS10_BC225_V2" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant "> <p id="IFRS10_P1214" class="- topic/p ">Other respondents asked the Board to provide guidance permitting an investor in an investment entity to use the reported net asset value (NAV) per share of that investment entity as a practical expedient for measuring the fair value of its investment in that investment entity. Similar guidance exists in US GAAP. The Board considered providing such a practical expedient in their deliberations on <xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" base="F38871250" id="IFRS10_X1208" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13</xref> but decided against it because, at the time, there was no specific accounting guidance for investment entities in IFRS and because there are different practices for calculating NAVs in jurisdictions around the world. The Board decided that it is outside the scope of the Investment Entities project to provide fair value measurement guidance for investments in investment entities. The Board developed the definition of an investment entity to identify which entities should qualify for an exception to consolidation. The definition was not designed to decide which entities should qualify for a fair value measurement practical expedient. Moreover, the Board still has concerns that NAV could be calculated differently in different jurisdictions. Consequently, the Board decided not to provide an NAV practical expedient for fair value measurement as part of the Investment Entities project.</p></variant></body></paragraph>