<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS10_BC288" base="SL21342378" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC288</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 10" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC288" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS10_P1345" class="- topic/p ">The Board decided on a 1 January 2014 effective date for the requirements for investment entities. The Board noted that because these requirements provide an exception to consolidation, they should have the same effective date as the revised consolidation requirements in IFRS 10 (annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2013). However, given that the investment entities requirements were published in October 2012, the Board did not believe that a 1 January 2013 effective date would give adequate time for implementation between the publication and effective dates. However, the Board decided to permit early application of the investment entity requirements. The Board noted that it expects many entities to apply the requirements early. Some investments in subsidiaries may not have been consolidated in accordance with <xref href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001" base="F24731218" id="IFRS10_X1275" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 27</xref> and SIC‑12 but, without the exception to consolidation, would need to be consolidated in accordance with IFRS 10. The Board noted that it would be potentially confusing to users of financial statements and time‑consuming for the investment entity to consolidate a subsidiary in one accounting period and then carry the same investee at fair value in the following period. In addition, investment entities should already have the fair value information needed for implementation. Finally, the exception to consolidation has been a long-standing request from the investment entity industry. Consequently, the Board believes that many investment entities will want to adopt the requirements early.</p></body></paragraph>