<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS11_B27" base="F16125742" principles="no"><paranum>B27</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 11"/><data name="paranum" value="B27"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS11_P0153">The following table compares common terms in contractual arrangements of parties to a <xref base="F16125582" href="IFRS11_APPA.dita#IFRS11_APPA/IFRS11_TE0003">joint operation<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0209"/></ph></xref> and common terms in contractual arrangements of parties to a <xref base="F16125599" href="IFRS11_APPA.dita#IFRS11_APPA/IFRS11_P0084">joint venture<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0211"/></ph></xref>. The examples of the contractual terms provided in the following table are not exhaustive.</p><table id="IFRS11_TAB0003" base="F16125743" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="3"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="30*" colsep="1" rowsep="1" align="left"/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="35*" colsep="1" rowsep="1" align="left"/><colspec colnum="3" colname="C3" colwidth="35*" colsep="1" rowsep="1" align="left"/><thead><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C3" align="center"> <p id="IFRS11_P0154" typeface="sansserif">Assessing the terms of the contractual arrangement </p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS11_P0155" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left"> <p id="IFRS11_P0156" typeface="sansserif">Joint operation </p></entry><entry colname="C3" align="left"> <p id="IFRS11_P0157" typeface="sansserif">Joint venture</p></entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry colname="C1" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0158" base="F16125749"><b>The terms of the contractual arrangement</b></p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0159" base="F16125753">The contractual arrangement provides the parties to the <xref base="F16125582" href="IFRS11_APPA.dita#IFRS11_APPA/IFRS11_TE0003">joint arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0209"/></ph></xref> with rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement.</p></entry><entry colname="C3" align="left"> <p id="IFRS11_P0160" base="F16125754">The contractual arrangement provides the parties to the <xref base="F16125582" href="IFRS11_APPA.dita#IFRS11_APPA/IFRS11_TE0003">joint arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0209"/></ph></xref> with rights to the net assets of the arrangement (ie it is the <xref base="F16125610" href="IFRS11_APPA.dita#IFRS11_APPA/IFRS11_TE0008">separate vehicle<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0346"/></ph></xref>, not the parties, that has rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement).</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0161" base="F16125751"><b>Rights to assets</b></p></entry><entry colname="C2" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0162" base="F16125756">The contractual arrangement establishes that the parties to the <xref base="F16124095" href="../ias28/IAS28_3.dita#IAS28_3/IAS28_P0019">joint arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0207"/></ph></xref> share all interests (eg rights, title or ownership) in the assets relating to the arrangement in a specified proportion (eg in proportion to the parties&#x2019; ownership interest in the arrangement or in proportion to the activity carried out through the arrangement that is directly attributed to them).</p></entry><entry colname="C3" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0163" base="F16125755">The contractual arrangement establishes that the assets brought into the arrangement or subsequently acquired by the <xref base="F16124095" href="../ias28/IAS28_3.dita#IAS28_3/IAS28_P0019">joint arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0207"/></ph></xref> are the arrangement&#x2019;s assets. The parties have no interests (ie no rights, title or ownership) in the assets of the arrangement.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" morerows="2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0164" base="F16125757"><b>Obligations for liabilities</b></p></entry><entry colname="C2" morerows="1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0165" base="F16125767">The contractual arrangement establishes that the parties to the <xref base="F16124095" href="../ias28/IAS28_3.dita#IAS28_3/IAS28_P0019">joint arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0207"/></ph></xref> share all liabilities, obligations, costs and expenses in a specified proportion (eg in proportion to the parties&#x2019; ownership interest in the arrangement or in proportion to the activity carried out through the arrangement that is directly attributed to them).</p></entry><entry colname="C3" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0166" base="F16125772">The contractual arrangement establishes that the <xref base="F16124095" href="../ias28/IAS28_3.dita#IAS28_3/IAS28_P0019">joint arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0207"/></ph></xref> is liable for the debts and obligations of the arrangement.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C3" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0167" base="F16125773">The contractual arrangement establishes that the parties to the <xref base="F16124095" href="../ias28/IAS28_3.dita#IAS28_3/IAS28_P0019">joint arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0207"/></ph></xref> are liable to the arrangement only to the extent of their respective investments in the arrangement or to their respective obligations to contribute any unpaid or additional capital to the arrangement, or both.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0168" base="F16125769">The contractual arrangement establishes that the parties to the <xref base="F16124095" href="../ias28/IAS28_3.dita#IAS28_3/IAS28_P0019">joint arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0207"/></ph></xref> are liable for claims raised by third parties.</p></entry><entry colname="C3" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0169" base="F16125774">The contractual arrangement states that creditors of the <xref base="F16124095" href="../ias28/IAS28_3.dita#IAS28_3/IAS28_P0019">joint arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0207"/></ph></xref> do not have rights of recourse against any party with respect to debts or obligations of the arrangement.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0170" base="F16125763"><b>Revenues, expenses, profit or loss</b></p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0171" base="F16125770">The contractual arrangement establishes the allocation of revenues and expenses on the basis of the relative performance of each party to the <xref base="F16124095" href="../ias28/IAS28_3.dita#IAS28_3/IAS28_P0019">joint arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0207"/></ph></xref>. For example, the contractual arrangement might establish that revenues and expenses are allocated on the basis of the capacity that each party uses in a plant operated jointly, which could differ from their ownership interest in the joint arrangement. In other instances, the parties might have agreed to share the profit or loss relating to the arrangement on the basis of a specified proportion such as the parties&#x2019; ownership interest in the arrangement. This would not prevent the arrangement from being a <xref base="F16124095" href="../ias28/IAS28_3.dita#IAS28_3/IAS28_P0019">joint operation<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0207"/></ph></xref> if the parties have rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement.</p></entry><entry colname="C3" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0172" base="F16125776">The contractual arrangement establishes each party&#x2019;s share in the profit or loss relating to the activities of the arrangement.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0173" base="F16125765"><b>Guarantees</b></p></entry><entry namest="C2" nameend="C3" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS11_P0174" base="F16125771">The parties to <xref base="F16124095" href="../ias28/IAS28_3.dita#IAS28_3/IAS28_P0019">joint arrangements<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0207"/></ph></xref> are often required to provide guarantees to third parties that, for example, receive a service from, or provide financing to, the joint arrangement. The provision of such guarantees, or the commitment by the parties to provide them, does not, by itself, determine that the joint arrangement is a <xref base="F16125582" href="IFRS11_APPA.dita#IFRS11_APPA/IFRS11_TE0003">joint operation<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0209"/></ph></xref>. The feature that determines whether the joint arrangement is a joint operation or a <xref base="F16125599" href="IFRS11_APPA.dita#IFRS11_APPA/IFRS11_P0084">joint venture<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0211"/></ph></xref> is whether the parties have obligations for the liabilities relating to the arrangement (for some of which the parties might or might not have provided a guarantee).</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>