<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS11_B8" base="F16125675" principles="no"><paranum>B8</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 11"/><data name="paranum" value="B8"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS11_P0110">In other circumstances, the contractual arrangement requires a minimum proportion of the voting rights to make decisions about the <xref base="F16125863" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_APPA.dita#IFRS10_APPA/IFRS10_P0182">relevant activities<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0327"/></ph></xref>. When that minimum required proportion of the voting rights can be achieved by more than one combination of the parties agreeing together, that arrangement is not a joint arrangement unless the contractual arrangement specifies which parties (or combination of parties) are required to agree unanimously to decisions about the relevant activities of the arrangement. </p><table id="IFRS11_TAB0001" base="F16125676" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><thead><row><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left">               <p id="IFRS11_P0111" typeface="sansserif">Application examples</p>             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry colname="C1">               <p id="IFRS11_P0112" typeface="sansserif"><b>Example 1</b></p>               <p id="IFRS11_P0113" base="F16125678">Assume that three parties establish an arrangement: A has 50 per cent of the voting rights in the arrangement, B has 30 per cent and C has 20 per cent. The contractual arrangement between A, B and C specifies that at least 75 per cent of the voting rights are required to make decisions about the <xref base="F16125863" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_APPA.dita#IFRS10_APPA/IFRS10_P0182">relevant activities<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0327"/></ph></xref> of the arrangement. Even though A can block any decision, it does not control the arrangement because it needs the agreement of B. The terms of their contractual arrangement requiring at least 75 per cent of the voting rights to make decisions about the relevant activities imply that A and B have <xref base="F16125581" href="IFRS11_APPA.dita#IFRS11_APPA/IFRS11_P0081">joint control<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0208"/></ph></xref> of the arrangement because decisions about the relevant activities of the arrangement cannot be made without both A and B agreeing.                                </p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p id="IFRS11_P0114" typeface="sansserif"><b>Example 2</b></p>               <p id="IFRS11_P0115" base="F16125680">Assume an arrangement has three parties: A has 50 per cent of the voting rights in the arrangement and B and C each have 25 per cent. The contractual arrangement between A, B and C specifies that at least 75 per cent of the voting rights are required to make decisions about the <xref base="F16125863" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_APPA.dita#IFRS10_APPA/IFRS10_P0182">relevant activitie<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0327"/></ph></xref>s of the arrangement. Even though A can block any decision, it does not control the arrangement because it needs the agreement of either B or C. In this example, A, B and C collectively control the arrangement. However, there is more than one combination of parties that can agree to reach 75 per cent of the voting rights (ie either A and B or A and C). In such a situation, to be a joint arrangement the contractual arrangement between the parties would need to specify which combination of the parties is required to agree unanimously to decisions about the relevant activities of the arrangement.                                </p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p id="IFRS11_P0116" typeface="sansserif"><b>Example 3</b></p>               <p id="IFRS11_P0117" base="F16125682">Assume an arrangement in which A and B each have 35 per cent of the voting rights in the arrangement with the remaining 30 per cent being widely dispersed. Decisions about the <xref base="F16125863" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_APPA.dita#IFRS10_APPA/IFRS10_P0182">relevant activities<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0327"/></ph></xref> require approval by a majority of the voting rights. A and B have <xref base="F16125581" href="IFRS11_APPA.dita#IFRS11_APPA/IFRS11_P0081">joint control<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0208"/></ph></xref> of the arrangement only if the contractual arrangement specifies that decisions about the relevant activities of the arrangement require both A and B agreeing.                </p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>