<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="F16124074" principles="yes" id="IAS28_3"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>3</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS&#xa0;28"/><data name="paranum" value="3"/></prolog><body outputclass="bold"><p id="IAS28_P0015">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings specified:&#xa0;</p><p base="F16124075" id="IAS28_P0016">An&#xa0;<i>associate</i>&#xa0;is an entity over which the investor has&#xa0;significant influence.</p><p base="F16124089" id="IAS28_P0017"><i>Consolidated financial statements</i>&#xa0;are the financial statements of a&#xa0;group&#xa0;in which assets, liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows of the&#xa0;parent&#xa0;and its&#xa0;subsidiaries&#xa0;are presented as those of a single economic entity.</p><p base="F16124092" id="IAS28_P0018">The&#xa0;<i>equity method</i>&#xa0;is a method of accounting whereby the investment is initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter for the post-acquisition change in the investor&#x2019;s share of the investee&#x2019;s net assets. The investor&#x2019;s profit or loss includes its share of the investee&#x2019;s profit or loss and the investor&#x2019;s other comprehensive income includes its share of the investee&#x2019;s other comprehensive income.</p><p base="F16124095" id="IAS28_P0019">A&#xa0;<i>joint arrangement</i>&#xa0;is an arrangement of which two or more parties have&#xa0;joint control.</p><p base="F16124097" id="IAS28_P0020"><i>Joint control</i>&#xa0;is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.            </p><p base="F16124099" id="IAS28_P0021">A&#xa0;<i>joint venture</i>&#xa0;is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have&#xa0;joint control&#xa0;of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.</p><p base="F16124101" id="IAS28_P0022">A&#xa0;<i>joint venturer</i>&#xa0;is a party to a joint venture that has&#xa0;joint control&#xa0;of that joint venture.</p><p base="F16124103" id="IAS28_P0023"><i>Significant influence</i>&#xa0;is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or&#xa0;joint control&#xa0;of those policies.            </p></body></paragraph>