<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IAS28_PRE"><title><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number"/>  <ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title"/></ph></title><body><p base="F17966713" id="IAS28_P0001">In April 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board (Board) adopted <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;28</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for Investments in Associates</ph></ph>, which had originally been issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee in April 1989. <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;28</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for Investments in Associates</ph></ph> replaced those parts of IAS 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> (issued in June 1976) that dealt with accounting for investment in associates.</p><p base="F17966716" id="IAS28_P0002">In December 2003 the Board issued a revised IAS&#xa0;28 with a new title&#x2014;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investments in Associates</ph></ph>. This revised IAS&#xa0;28 was part of the Board&#x2019;s initial agenda of technical projects and also incorporated the guidance contained in three related Interpretations (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;3</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Elimination of Unrealised Profits and Losses on Transactions with Associates</ph></ph>,&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;20</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Equity Accounting Method&#x2014;Recognition of Losses</ph></ph>&#xa0;and&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;33</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidation and Equity Method&#x2014;Potential Voting Rights and Allocation of Ownership Interests</ph></ph>).</p><p base="F29954761" id="IAS28_P0003">In May 2011 the Board issued a revised IAS&#xa0;28 with a new title&#x2014;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures.</ph></ph></p><variants id="IAS28_P0005">       <p base="F38986685" id="IAS28_P0005_V1">In December 2014 IAS&#xa0;28 was amended by&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment Entities: Applying the Consolidation Exception</ph></ph>&#xa0;(Amendments to IFRS&#xa0;10, IFRS&#xa0;12 and IAS&#xa0;28). These amendments provided relief whereby a non-investment entity investor can, when applying the equity method, choose to retain the fair value through profit or loss measurement applied by its investment entity associates and joint ventures to their subsidiaries.</p>     </variants><variants id="IAS28_P0006">       <p base="F65379530" id="IAS28_P0006_V1">In October 2017, IAS&#xa0;28 was amended by&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures</ph></ph>&#xa0;(Amendments to IAS&#xa0;28). These amendments clarify that entities apply IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;to long-term interests in an associate or joint venture to which the equity method is not applied.</p>     </variants><variants id="IAS28_P0007">                            <p base="F58803526" id="IAS28_P0007_V4">Other Standards have made minor consequential amendments to IAS&#xa0;28. They include IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref">&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;(issued July 2014),&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref">&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Equity Method in Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph>&#xa0;(Amendments to IAS&#xa0;27) (issued August 2014),&#xa0;<i>Annual Improvements to IFRS&#xae;&#xa0;Standards 2014&#x2013;2016 Cycle</i>&#xa0;(issued December 2016), IFRS&#xa0;17&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref">&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>&#xa0;(issued May 2017) and&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref">&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</ph></ph>&#xa0;(issued March 2018).</p>     </variants></body></topic>