<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="Edu_d5e4819"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn base="IAS34_10" id="IAS34_FN0002">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS34_P0446">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, July 2014, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;IAS&#xa0;34&#xa0;<i>Interim Financial Reporting</i>&#x2014;condensed statement of cash flows&#x2019;</p>       <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify the application of the requirements regarding the presentation and content of the condensed statement of cash flows in the interim financial statements according to IAS&#xa0;34.</p>       <p>The submitter observed that there are divergent views on the presentation and content of the condensed statement of cash flows. One view is that an entity should present a detailed structure of the condensed statement of cash flows showing cash flows by nature. Another view is that an entity may present a three-line condensed statement of cash flows showing only a total for each of operating, investing and financing cash flow activities.</p>       <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that a condensed statement of cash flows is one of the primary statements that is included as part of an interim financial report as prescribed by paragraph&#xa0;8 of IAS&#xa0;34. Paragraph&#xa0;10 of IAS&#xa0;34 specifies that each of the condensed statements shall include, at a minimum, each of the headings and subtotals that were included in the most recent annual financial statements. Paragraph&#xa0;10 of IAS&#xa0;34 also requires additional line items to be included if their omission would make the interim financial statements misleading.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Interpretations Committee also noted that in an interim financial report:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p id="IAS34_P0447">an entity shall include an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes in financial position and performance of the entity since the end of the last annual reporting period. Information disclosed in relation to those events and transactions shall update the relevant information presented in the most recent annual financial report (see paragraph&#xa0;15 of IAS&#xa0;34).</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p id="IAS34_P0448">the overriding goal is to ensure that an interim financial report includes all information that is relevant to understanding an entity&#x2019;s financial position and performance during the interim period (see paragraph&#xa0;25 of IAS&#xa0;34). The Interpretations Committee further noted that in accordance with paragraph&#xa0;OB20 of the IASB&#x2019;s&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>, information about cash flows helps users to understand a reporting entity&#x2019;s operations, evaluate its financing and investing activities, assess its liquidity or solvency and interpret other information about financial performance.</p>         </li></ol>       <p id="IAS34_P0449">In this respect, the Interpretations Committee noted that to meet the requirements in paragraphs&#xa0;10, 15 and 25 of IAS&#xa0;34 a condensed statement of cash flows should include all information that is relevant in understanding the entity&#x2019;s ability to generate cash flows and the entity&#x2019;s needs to utilise those cash flows. It also noted that it did not expect that a three-line presentation alone would meet the requirements in IAS&#xa0;34.</p>       <p>On the basis of this analysis, the Interpretations Committee determined that an Interpretation or an amendment to a Standard was not necessary. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS34_g15-16_TI" id="IAS34_FN0004">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS34_P0451">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, July 2009, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;IAS 34&#xa0;<i>Interim Financial Reporting</i>&#x2014;Interim disclosures about fair value&#x2019;&#xa0;</p>       <p>The IFRIC received a request to provide guidance on whether updates to annual fair value disclosures are required in condensed interim financial reports.&#xa0;</p>       <p>The IFRIC noted that in accordance with IAS&#xa0;34, an interim financial report provides an update on the latest complete set of annual financial statements. When an event or transaction is significant to an understanding of the changes in an entity&#x2019;s financial position or performance since the last annual financial period, in accordance with IAS&#xa0;34 its interim financial report should provide an explanation of, and update to, the information included in the financial statements for the last annual financial period.</p>       <p>The IFRIC concluded that IAS&#xa0;34 provides sufficient guidance to enable entities to decide whether updates to fair value disclosures are required in interim financial reports and decided not to add the issue to its agenda as it did not expect diversity in practice.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS34_41" id="IAS34_FN0006">              <p id="IAS34_P5326">[The term &#x2018;faithful representation&#x2019;, which was used in the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;issued in 2010 and is also used in the revised version of the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;issued in 2018, encompasses the main characteristics that the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;called &#x2018;reliability&#x2019; (refer&#xa0;<xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_g2_12-2_19.dita" scope="local"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;paragraphs 2.12&#x2013;2.19</xref>&#xa0;and&#xa0;<xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_gBC2_21-BC2_51.dita" scope="local">Basis for Conclusions paragraphs BC2.21&#x2013;BC2.31</xref>&#xa0;and&#xa0;<xref href="IAS01_BC105J.dita" scope="local">BC105J</xref>).]</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>