<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IAS34_16A" principles="yes"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>16A</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS&#xa0;34"/><data name="paranum" value="16A"/></prolog><body outputclass="bold"><variant base="F32750103" id="IAS34_16A_V4">       <p id="IAS34_P0153">In addition to disclosing significant events and transactions in accordance with&#xa0;<xref base="F32750104" href="IAS34_15.dita#IAS34_15" id="IAS34_X0165">paragraphs 15&#x2013;15C</xref>, an entity shall include the following information, in the notes to its interim financial statements or elsewhere in the&#xa0;interim financial report. The following disclosures shall be given either in the interim financial statements or incorporated by cross-reference from the interim financial statements to some other statement (such as management commentary or risk report) that is available to users of the financial statements on the same terms as the interim financial statements and at the same time. If users of the financial statements do not have access to the information incorporated by cross-reference on the same terms and at the same time, the interim financial report is incomplete.                  The information shall normally be reported on a financial year&#x2011;to&#x2011;date basis.</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="F32750105" id="IAS34_L0013" type="lower-alpha"><li id="IAS34_16A_a"><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="F32750107" id="IAS34_P0154">a statement that the same accounting policies and methods of computation are followed in the interim financial statements as compared with the most recent annual financial statements or, if those policies or methods have been changed, a description of the nature and effect of the change.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_b"><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="F32750110" id="IAS34_P0155">explanatory comments about the seasonality or cyclicality of interim operations.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_c"><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p base="F32750113" id="IAS34_P0156">the nature and amount of items affecting assets, liabilities, equity, net income or cash flows that are unusual because of their nature, size or incidence.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_d"><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p base="F32750116" id="IAS34_P0157">the nature and amount of changes in estimates of amounts reported in prior interim periods of the current financial year or changes in estimates of amounts reported in prior financial years.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_e"><li_value>(e)</li_value>           <p base="F32750119" id="IAS34_P0158">issues, repurchases and repayments of debt and equity securities.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_f"><li_value>(f)</li_value>           <p base="F32750122" id="IAS34_P0159">dividends paid (aggregate or per share) separately for ordinary shares and other shares.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_g"><li_value>(g)</li_value>           <p base="F32750125" id="IAS34_P0160">the following segment information (disclosure of segment information is required in an entity&#x2019;s interim financial report only if&#xa0;<xref base="F32750127" href="../ifrs08/IFRS08_TOC.dita#IFRS08_TOC0001" id="IAS34_X0167">IFRS&#xa0;8</xref>&#xa0;<xref base="F32750128" href="../ifrs08/IFRS08_TOC.dita#IFRS08_TOC0001" id="IAS34_X0168"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Operating Segments</ph></ph></xref>&#xa0;requires that entity to disclose segment information in its annual financial statements):</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F32750130" id="IAS34_L0014" type="lower-roman"><li id="IAS34_16A_g_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="F32750132" id="IAS34_P0161">revenues from external customers, if included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker.</p>             </li><li id="IAS34_16A_g_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F32750135" id="IAS34_P0162">intersegment revenues, if included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker.</p>             </li><li id="IAS34_16A_g_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value>               <p base="F32750138" id="IAS34_P0163">a measure of segment profit or loss.</p>             </li><li id="IAS34_16A_g_iv"><li_value>(iv)</li_value>               <p base="F32750141" id="IAS34_P0164">a measure of total assets and liabilities for a particular reportable segment if such amounts are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker and if there has been a material change from the amount disclosed in the last annual financial statements for that reportable segment.                                </p>             </li><li id="IAS34_16A_g_v"><li_value>(v)</li_value>               <p base="F32750146" id="IAS34_P0165">a description of differences from the last annual financial statements in the basis of segmentation or in the basis of measurement of segment profit or loss.</p>             </li><li id="IAS34_16A_g_vi"><li_value>(vi)</li_value>               <p base="F32750149" id="IAS34_P0166">a reconciliation of the total of the reportable segments&#x2019; measures of profit or loss to the entity&#x2019;s profit or loss before tax expense (tax income) and discontinued operations. However, if an entity allocates to reportable segments items such as tax expense (tax income), the entity may reconcile the total of the segments&#x2019; measures of profit or loss to profit or loss after those items. Material reconciling items shall be separately identified and described in that reconciliation.</p>             </li></ol>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_h"><li_value>(h)</li_value>           <p base="F32750152" id="IAS34_P0167">events after the interim period that have not been reflected in the financial statements for the interim period.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>           <p base="F32750155" id="IAS34_P0168">the effect of changes in the composition of the entity during the interim period, including business combinations, obtaining or losing control of subsidiaries and long&#x2011;term investments, restructurings, and discontinued operations. In the case of business combinations, the entity shall disclose the information required by&#xa0;<xref base="F32750157" href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001" id="IAS34_X0170">IFRS&#xa0;3</xref>&#xa0;<xref base="F32750158" href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001" id="IAS34_X0171"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph></xref>.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_j"><li_value>(j)</li_value>           <p base="F32750161" id="IAS34_P0169">for financial instruments, the disclosures about fair value required by&#xa0;<xref base="F32750163" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_91.dita#IFRS13_91" id="IAS34_X0172">paragraphs 91&#x2013;93(h)</xref>,&#xa0;<xref base="F32750164" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_94.dita#IFRS13_94" id="IAS34_X0173">94&#x2013;96</xref>,&#xa0;<xref base="F32750165" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_98.dita#IFRS13_98" id="IAS34_X0174">98 and 99</xref>&#xa0;of&#xa0;<xref base="F32750166" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS34_X0175">IFRS&#xa0;13&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph></xref>&#xa0;and&#xa0;<xref base="F32750168" href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_25.dita#IFRS07_25" id="IAS34_X0176">paragraphs 25, 26</xref>&#xa0;and&#xa0;<xref base="F32750169" href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_28.dita#IFRS07_28/IFRS07_28_V1" id="IAS34_X0177">28&#x2013;30</xref>&#xa0;of&#xa0;<xref base="F32750170" href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" id="IAS34_X0178">IFRS&#xa0;7&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph></xref>.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_k"><li_value>(k)</li_value>           <p base="SL32750173" id="IAS34_P0170" principles="yes">for entities becoming, or ceasing to be, investment entities, as defined in&#xa0;<xref base="F32750174" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IAS34_X0179">IFRS&#xa0;10</xref>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph>, the disclosures in&#xa0;<xref base="F32750176" href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_TOC.dita#IFRS12_TOC0001" id="IAS34_X0180">IFRS&#xa0;12</xref>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities</ph></ph>&#xa0;<xref base="F32750178" href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_9B.dita#IFRS12_9B" id="IAS34_X0181">paragraph 9B</xref>.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_l"><li_value>(l)</li_value>           <p base="F32749978" id="IAS34_P0171" principles="yes">the disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers required by&#xa0;<xref base="F32749980" href="../ifrs15/IFRS15_g114-115.dita" id="IAS34_X0182" scope="local">paragraphs&#xa0;114&#x2013;115 of IFRS&#xa0;15&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>