<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRIC05_BC8"><paranum>BC8</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRIC 5"/><data name="paranum" value="BC8"/></prolog><body><variant base="SL19789012" id="IFRIC05_BC8_V2"> <p id="IFRIC05_P0080">In concluding that the contributor should recognise separately its liability to pay decommissioning costs and its interest in the fund, the IFRIC also noted the following: </p> <ol base="SL19789013" id="IFRIC05_L0010" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="SL19789015" id="IFRIC05_P0081">There is no legally enforceable right to set off the rights under the decommissioning fund against the decommissioning liabilities. Also, given that the main objective is reimbursement, it is likely that settlement will not be net or simultaneous. Accordingly, treating these rights and liabilities as analogous to financial assets and financial liabilities would not result in offset because the offset criteria in <xref base="F49286976" href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001/IAS32_TOC0001_V2" id="IFRIC05_X0079">IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Disclosure and Presentation</ph></ph></xref><xref keyref="footnotes/IFRIC05_FN0007" type="fn"/> are not met.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="SL19789020" id="IFRIC05_P0082">Treating the decommissioning obligation as analogous to a financial liability would not result in derecognition through extinguishment. If the fund does not assume the obligation for decommissioning, the criteria in <xref base="F19789021" href="../IAS39.ditamap" id="IFRIC05_X0080">IAS 39</xref><xref keyref="footnotes/IFRIC05_FN0008" type="fn"/> for derecognition of financial liabilities through extinguishment are not met. At best, the fund acts like an in&#x2011;substance defeasance that does not qualify for derecognition of the liability.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="SL19789023" id="IFRIC05_P0083">It would not be appropriate to treat decommissioning funds as analogous to pension funds, which are presented net of the related liability. This is because, in allowing a net presentation for pension plans in <xref base="F49286977" href="../ias19/IAS19_TOC0001.dita#IAS19_TOC0001" id="IFRIC05_X0081">IAS 19 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Employee Benefits</ph></ph></xref>, the International Accounting Standards Board&#x2019;s predecessor organisation, IASC, stated that it believed the situation is &#x2018;unique to employee benefit plans and [it did] not intend to permit this net presentation for other liabilities if the conditions in <xref base="F77792168" href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001/IAS32_TOC0001_V2" id="IFRIC05_X0082">IAS 32</xref> and <xref base="F19789027" href="../IAS39.ditamap" id="IFRIC05_X0083">IAS 39</xref><xref keyref="footnotes/IFRIC05_FN0009" type="fn"/> are not met&#x2019; (IAS 19, Basis for Conclusions paragraph BC68I).<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRIC05_FN0010" type="fn"/></p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>