<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS12_BC120" base="F16131652" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC120</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 12" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC120" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS12_P0585" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The main changes from the exposure drafts ED 9 and ED 10 are:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS12_L0065" base="F16131654" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0586" base="F16131655" class="- topic/p ">The disclosure requirements for subsidiaries, joint arrangements, associates and unconsolidated structured entities are included in IFRS 12, separately from the accounting requirements relating to an entity’s interests in those entities. ED 9 and ED 10 had proposed that the disclosure requirements would be located with the accounting requirements in IAS 28, IFRS 10 and IFRS 11. (<xref href="IFRS12_BC7.dita#IFRS12_BC7" id="IFRS12_X0577" base="F16229870" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC7 and BC8</xref>)</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0587" base="F16131657" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 12 includes application guidance dealing with the aggregation of information disclosed in accordance with the requirements of the IFRS.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0588" base="F16131659" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 12 requires the disclosure of significant judgements and assumptions made in determining whether an entity has a special relationship (ie control, joint control or significant influence) with another entity. ED 10 had proposed disclosure of the basis of an entity’s assessment of whether it controls another entity in particular scenarios. (<xref href="IFRS12_gBC14-BC19.dita#IFRS12_gBC14_BC19" id="IFRS12_X0578" base="F16229871" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC14–BC19</xref>)</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0589" base="F16131661" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 12 requires the disclosure of summarised financial information for subsidiaries that have non‑controlling interests that are material to the entity. ED 9 had proposed disclosing a list of significant subsidiaries. (<xref href="IFRS12_gBC21-BC29.dita#IFRS12_gBC21_BC29" id="IFRS12_X0579" base="F16229872" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC21–BC29</xref>)</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0590" base="F16131663" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 12 requires disclosure of the nature of, and risks associated with, an entity’s interests in consolidated structured entities. (<xref href="IFRS12_gBC34-BC36.dita#IFRS12_gBC34_BC36" id="IFRS12_X0580" base="F16229873" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC34–BC36</xref>)</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0591" base="F16131665" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 12 requires the disclosure of summarised financial information for each material joint venture and associate, and requires more detailed information for joint ventures than for associates. ED 9 had proposed less detailed summarised financial information for each material joint venture and summarised financial information in aggregate for associates. (<xref href="IFRS12_gBC47-BC52.dita#IFRS12_gBC47_BC52" id="IFRS12_X0581" base="F16229874" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC47–BC52</xref>)</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0592" base="F16131668" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 12 requires entities that are venture capital organisations, mutual funds, unit trusts and similar entities to provide all the disclosures relating to interests in joint ventures and associates. ED 9 proposed that such entities would be required to provide only some of the disclosures relating to interests in joint ventures and associates. (<xref href="IFRS12_gBC59-BC60.dita#IFRS12_gBC59_BC60" id="IFRS12_X0582" base="F16229875" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC59 and BC60</xref>)</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(h)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0593" base="F16131670" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 12 does not require the disclosure of the reported amount of assets held by structured entities in which an entity has an interest. ED 10 had proposed disclosing such information. (<xref href="IFRS12_gBC96-BC96.dita#IFRS12_gBC96_BC96" id="IFRS12_X0583" base="F16229876" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph BC96</xref>)</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>