<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS12_BC61I" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC61I</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 12" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC61I" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS12_P0495" class="- topic/p ">In December 2014, the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities: Applying the Consolidation Exception</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, IFRS 12 and IAS 28). This amended paragraph 6(b) of IFRS 12 to clarify the applicability of IFRS 12 to the financial statements of an investment entity. In June 2014, the Board published the Exposure Draft <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities: Applying the Consolidation Exception</ph></ph> (Proposed amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28) (the ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidation Exception</ph></ph> ED’). The comments received in response to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidation Exception</ph></ph> ED highlighted a lack of clarity about the applicability of IFRS 12 to the financial statements of an investment entity. In particular, the respondents to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidation Exception</ph></ph> ED pointed out that paragraph 6 of IFRS 12 stated that the Standard did not apply to an entity’s separate financial statements without stating the applicability of IFRS 12 to an investment entity. The Board noted that, in contrast, paragraph 16A of IAS 27 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph> requires that an investment entity shall present the disclosures relating to investment entities required by IFRS 12. Accordingly, in response to the feedback received, the Board decided to clarify that the scope exclusion in paragraph 6(b) does not apply to the financial statements of a parent that is an investment entity and has measured all of its subsidiaries at fair value through profit or loss in accordance with paragraph 31 of IFRS 10. In such a case, the investment entity shall present the disclosures relating to investment entities required by IFRS 12. The Board also noted that if an investment entity has a subsidiary that it consolidates in accordance with paragraph 32 of IFRS 10, the disclosure requirements in IFRS 12 apply to the financial statements in which the investment entity consolidates that subsidiary.</p></body></paragraph>