<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="SL32831125" id="IAS16_BC107"><paranum>BC107</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC107"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS16_P0561" outputclass="keep_with_next">Assuming that current IFRS adopters choose to apply the cost model in IAS 16 to bearer plants the main changes will be as follows:</p><table base="SL32831126" frame="all" id="IAS16_TAB0002" orient="port"><tgroup cols="4"><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="1" colwidth="15*" rowsep="1"/><colspec align="left" colname="C2" colnum="2" colsep="1" colwidth="30*" rowsep="1"/><colspec align="left" colname="C3" colnum="3" colsep="1" colwidth="25*" rowsep="1"/><colspec align="left" colname="C4" colnum="4" colsep="1" colwidth="30*" rowsep="1"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p id="IAS16_P0562" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium"><b>Effect</b></p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top">               <p id="IAS16_P0563" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium"><b>Fair value model in <xref base="F35270042" href="../ias41/IAS41_TOC.dita#IAS41_TOC0001/IAS41_TOC0001_V2" id="IAS16_X0522">IAS 41</xref></b></p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C3" valign="top">               <p id="IAS16_P0564" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium"><b>Cost model in IAS 16</b></p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C4" valign="top">               <p id="IAS16_P0565" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium"><b>Effect</b></p>             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry colname="C1" valign="top">               <p id="IAS16_P0566" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium">Financial position</p>             </entry><entry colname="C2" valign="top">               <p id="IAS16_P0567" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium">Measured at fair value less costs to sell (together with the produce).</p>             </entry><entry colname="C3" valign="top">               <p id="IAS16_P0568" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium">Measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. (Produce measured separately at fair value less costs to sell.)</p>             </entry><entry colname="C4" valign="top">               <p id="IAS16_P0569" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium">Net asset amounts are likely to be lower for the cost model than the fair value model during the earlier part of the productive life of a bearer plant. This is because the future cash flows that can be generated by the bearer plant, and reflected in a fair value measurement, will likely be higher than the cost on initial recognition. Over time, the carrying amounts measured in accordance with the two models are expected to converge as the asset approaches the end of its productive life.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" valign="top">               <p id="IAS16_P0570" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium">Profit or loss</p>             </entry><entry colname="C2" valign="top">               <p id="IAS16_P0571" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium">Changes in fair value less costs to sell are recognised in profit or loss.<linebreak/><linebreak/>Costs may be recognised as an expense immediately or capitalised. If they are capitalised there is an equal reduction in the change in the fair value less costs to sell.</p>             </entry><entry colname="C3" valign="top">               <p id="IAS16_P0572" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium">The depreciation charge for each period, and any impairment loss, will be recognised in profit or loss.</p>             </entry><entry colname="C4" valign="top">               <p id="IAS16_P0573" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium">Over the life of the bearer plants the net amount recognised in profit or loss will likely be the same whether applying the fair value model or the cost model. However, if an entity applies the fair value model the effect on profit or loss will be variable (changes in fair value). If an entity applies the cost model the effect on profit or loss is likely to be more systematic (depreciation, with possible impairment).</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>