<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="SL30266" id="IAS16_BC37"><paranum>BC37</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC37"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS16_P0443">The main changes from the ED proposals to the revised Standard are as follows:</p><ol base="SL154812" id="IAS16_L0035" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL154814" id="IAS16_P0444">The ED contained two recognition principles, one applying to subsequent expenditures on existing items of property, plant and equipment. The Standard contains a single recognition principle that applies to costs incurred initially to acquire an item and costs incurred subsequently to add to, replace part of or service an item. An entity applies the recognition principle to the latter costs at the time it incurs them.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL154816" id="IAS16_P0445">Under the approach proposed in the ED, an entity measured an item of property, plant and equipment acquired in exchange for a non&#x2011;monetary asset at fair value irrespective of whether the exchange transaction in which it was acquired had commercial substance. Under the Standard, a lack of commercial substance is cause for an entity to measure the acquired asset at the carrying amount of the asset given up.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="SL154818" id="IAS16_P0446">Compared with the Standard, the ED did not as clearly set out the principle that an entity separately depreciates at least the parts of an item of property, plant and equipment that are of significant cost.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="SL154820" id="IAS16_P0447">Under the approach proposed in the ED, an entity derecognised the carrying amount of a replaced part of an item of property, plant and equipment if it recognised in the carrying amount of the asset the cost of the replacement under the general recognition principle. In the Standard, an entity also applies this approach to a replacement of a part of an item that is not depreciated separately.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p base="SL154822" id="IAS16_P0448">In finalising the Standard, the Board identified further necessary consequential amendments to <xref base="F15999321" href="../ifrs01/IFRS01_TOC.dita#IFRS01_TOC0001" id="IAS16_X0448">IFRS 1</xref>, IAS 14, <xref base="F15999426" href="../ias34/IAS34_TOC0001.dita#IAS34_TOC0001" id="IAS16_X0449">IAS 34</xref>, <xref base="F15999427" href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001" id="IAS16_X0450">IAS 36</xref>, <xref base="F15999428" href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" id="IAS16_X0451">IAS 37</xref>, <xref base="F15999429" href="../ias38/IAS38_TOC0004.dita#IAS38_TOC0004" id="IAS16_X0452">IAS 38</xref>, <xref base="F15999512" href="../ias40/IAS40_TOC0001.dita#IAS40_TOC0001" id="IAS16_X0453">IAS 40</xref>, SIC&#x2011;13, SIC&#x2011;21, SIC&#x2011;22 and <xref base="F15999515" href="../sic32/SIC32_TI0002.dita#d38e133/SIC32_TI0002" id="IAS16_X0454">SIC&#x2011;32</xref>.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>