<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="SL32831041" id="IAS16_BC83"><paranum>BC83</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC83"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS16_P0519">The Board considered whether the other recognition and measurement requirements of the cost model in IAS 16 were sufficient to address the unique costs of growing bearer plants both before and after they reach maturity. The following were the main requests for guidance raised by respondents to the ED:</p><ol base="SL32831042" id="IAS16_L0042" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="SL32831044" id="IAS16_P0520">how to assess what is an abnormal amount of wastage/mortality during the growth phase of the bearer plants. The Board noted that there is a similar issue when an entity constructs a large number of fragile items of machinery for use within the business.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="SL32831046" id="IAS16_P0521">the nature of costs that can be capitalised before maturity. The Board noted that although the examples in IAS 16 are about non-living items, <xref base="F35269967" href="IAS16_17.dita#IAS16_17" id="IAS16_X0504">paragraph 17(a)&#x2013;(b) and (e) of IAS 16</xref> adequately covers the types of costs incurred to cultivate and grow bearer plants.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="SL32831048" id="IAS16_P0522">allocation of costs after maturity between the growing fruit and the bearer plant. The Board noted that an entity may recognise all costs as an expense after maturity unless they meet the criteria for capitalisation as part of bearer plants in accordance with <xref base="F35269968" href="IAS16_7.dita#IAS16_7" id="IAS16_X0505">paragraph 7 of IAS 16</xref>. Consequently, such guidance would not be necessary.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p base="F32830856" id="IAS16_P0523">transfers between IAS 16 and <xref base="F35269996" href="../ias41/IAS41_TOC.dita#IAS41_TOC0001/IAS41_TOC0001_V2" id="IAS16_X0506">IAS 41</xref> if the entity changes its intention for a bearer plant or if scrap sales are no longer considered incidental. The Board noted that it would be rare for transfers to take place between IAS 16 and IAS 41 for bearer plants, particularly in the light of the Board&#x2019;s decision to change criterion (c) of the definition of a bearer plant to &#x2018;has a remote likelihood of being sold as agricultural produce, except for incidental scrap sales&#x2019; (see <xref base="F35269997" href="IAS16_BC62.dita#IAS16_BC62" id="IAS16_X0507">paragraph BC62</xref>).</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>