<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="IAS2020-2" id="IAS16_BC16E"><paranum>BC16E</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC16E"/></prolog><body><p>The previous requirement to offset proceeds against the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment reduced the usefulness of financial statements to users of financial statements. This is because the previous requirement resulted in an entity including amounts that did not faithfully represent:</p><ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p>its performance. Offsetting proceeds against the cost of an asset understates an entity&#x2019;s revenue (or income) in the period. Moreover, doing so could also have a pervasive and long-term effect on an entity&#x2019;s performance when the asset has a long useful life. Offsetting proceeds decreased the depreciable amount of such an asset and, consequently, reduced the depreciation charge recognised as an expense over the asset&#x2019;s useful life.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p>the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment. Offsetting proceeds could result in the carrying amount of the asset understating its cost. This, in turn, could reduce the usefulness of financial metrics, such as return on assets, that use the asset&#x2019;s carrying amount.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>