<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F32830913" id="IAS16_BC117"><paranum>BC117</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC117"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS16_P0588">Nevertheless, the amendments will reduce compliance costs for the majority of entities because:</p><ol base="F32830914" id="IAS16_L0049" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F32830916" id="IAS16_P0589">the Board thinks that measuring the produce at fair value less costs to sell would be less complex than measuring the bearer plants and produce together at fair value less costs to sell. This is because the produce is growing on the bearer plants only for a short period and so the valuation of produce will not involve forecasting over long time periods. Furthermore, there is usually an active market for the harvested produce, whereas there is rarely an active market for bearer plants and observable market prices generally exist only for many bearer plants together with the land.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F32830918" id="IAS16_P0590"><xref base="F35270098" href="../ias41/IAS41_TOC.dita#IAS41_TOC0001/IAS41_TOC0001_V2" id="IAS16_X0532">IAS 41</xref> currently requires entities to determine the fair value less costs to sell of bearer plants at each reporting date. As a result of the amendments, an entity applying the cost model in accordance with IAS 16 would be required to estimate the recoverable amount of an item of bearer plants (or the relevant cash-generating unit) only if there are indicators of impairment at the reporting date. In general, bearer plants do not generate cash flows independently of the land. Consequently, the impairment test would take place at the cash-generating unit level. If the fair value of the land is greater than the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit containing the land and bearer plants, the cash&#x2011;generating unit would not be impaired. Consequently, as a result of the amendments, fair value measurements are expected to be less frequent.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>