<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="SL32830967" id="IAS16_BC48"><paranum>BC48</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC48"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS16_P0471">The Board decided that, before it could consider whether some or all bearer biological assets should be accounted for in accordance with IAS 16 instead of <xref base="F35269880" href="../ias41/IAS41_TOC.dita#IAS41_TOC0001/IAS41_TOC0001_V2" id="IAS16_X0473">IAS 41</xref>, it first needed to define bearer biological assets for the purposes of the amendments. The Board initially discussed four options when deciding on the scope:</p><ol base="SL32830968" id="IAS16_L0039" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="SL32830970" id="IAS16_P0472">Option 1: no-alternative-use model. Limit the scope of the amendments to IAS 41 to biological assets that are solely used in the production or supply of agricultural produce (ie only used as bearer biological assets) and that are expected to be used for more than one period.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="SL32830972" id="IAS16_P0473">Option 2: predominant-use model. Limit the scope of the amendments to IAS 41 to biological assets that are used predominantly in the production or supply of agricultural produce (ie used primarily as bearer biological assets) and that are expected to be used for more than one period.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="SL32830974" id="IAS16_P0474">Option 3: no-alternative-use model&#x2014;plants only. This is the same as Option 1 except that it would only include plants, not livestock.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p base="SL32830976" id="IAS16_P0475">Option 4: predominant-use model&#x2014;plants only. This is the same as Option 2 except that it would only include plants, not livestock.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>