<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS09_B3.2.16" base="F32570990" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B3.2.16</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="B3.2.16"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P0842">The following examples illustrate the application of the derecognition principles of this Standard.</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS09_L0099" base="F32570991" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0843" base="F32570993"><i>Repurchase agreements and securities lending</i>. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to repurchase it at a fixed price or at the sale price plus a lender’s return or if it is loaned under an agreement to return it to the transferor, it is not derecognised because the transferor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.                      If the transferee obtains the right to sell or pledge the asset, the transferor reclassifies the asset in its statement of financial position, for example, as a loaned asset or repurchase receivable.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0844" base="F32570998"><i>Repurchase agreements and securities lending—assets             that are substantially the same</i>. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to           repurchase the same or substantially the same asset at a fixed price or at the sale price           plus a lender’s return or if a financial asset is borrowed or loaned under an agreement to           return the same or substantially the same asset to the transferor, it is not derecognised           because the transferor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0847" base="F32571003"><i>Repurchase agreements and securities lending—right of substitution</i>. If a repurchase agreement at a fixed repurchase price or a price equal to the sale price plus a lender’s return, or a similar securities lending transaction, provides the transferee with a right to substitute assets that are similar and of equal fair value to the transferred asset at the repurchase date, the asset sold or lent under a repurchase or securities lending transaction is not derecognised because the transferor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0849" base="F32571009"><i>Repurchase right of first refusal at fair value</i>. If an entity sells a financial asset and retains only a right of first refusal to repurchase the transferred asset at fair value if the transferee subsequently sells it, the entity derecognises the asset because it has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0851" base="F32571014"><i>Wash sale transaction</i>. The repurchase of a financial asset shortly after it has been sold is sometimes referred to as a wash sale. Such a repurchase does not preclude derecognition provided that the original transaction met the derecognition requirements.                      However, if an agreement to sell a financial asset is entered into concurrently with an agreement to repurchase the same asset at a fixed price or the sale price plus a lender’s return, then the asset is not derecognised.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0853" base="F32571021"><i>Put options and call options that are deeply in the money</i>. If a transferred financial asset can be called back by the transferor and the call option is deeply in the money, the transfer does not qualify for derecognition because the transferor has retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership. Similarly, if the financial asset can be put back by the transferee and the put option is deeply in the money, the transfer does not qualify for derecognition because the transferor has retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.                    </p>       </li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0854" base="F32571026"><i>Put options and call options that are deeply out of the money</i>. A financial asset that is transferred subject only to a deep out‑of‑the‑money put option held by the transferee or a deep out‑of‑the‑money call option held by the transferor is derecognised. This is because the transferor has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(h)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0856" base="F32571031"><i>Readily obtainable assets subject to a call option that is neither deeply in the money nor deeply out of the money</i>. If an entity holds a call option on an asset that is readily obtainable in the market and the option is neither deeply in the money nor deeply out of the money, the asset is derecognised. This is because the entity (i) has neither retained nor transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership, and (ii) has not retained control.                      However, if the asset is not readily obtainable in the market, derecognition is precluded to the extent of the amount of the asset that is subject to the call option because the entity has retained control of the asset.                    </p>       </li><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0857" base="F32571038"><i>A not readily obtainable asset subject to a put option written by an entity that is neither deeply in the money nor deeply out of the money</i>. If an entity transfers a financial asset that is not readily obtainable in the market, and writes a put option that is not deeply out of the money, the entity neither retains nor transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership because of the written put option.                      The entity retains control of the asset if the put option is sufficiently valuable to prevent the transferee from selling the asset, in which case the asset continues to be recognised to the extent of the transferor’s continuing involvement (see <xref id="IFRS09_X1126" base="F69240669" href="IFRS09_B3.2.9.dita#IFRS09_B3.2.9">paragraph B3.2.9</xref>). The entity transfers control of the asset if the put option is not sufficiently valuable to prevent the transferee from selling the asset, in which case the asset is derecognised.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(j)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0858" base="F32571043"><i>Assets subject to a fair value put or call option or a forward repurchase agreement</i>. A transfer of a financial asset that is subject only to a put or call option or a forward repurchase agreement that has an exercise or repurchase price equal to the fair value of the financial asset at the time of repurchase results in derecognition because of the transfer of substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(k)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0860" base="F32571048"><i>Cash‑settled call or put options</i>. An entity evaluates the transfer of a financial asset that is subject to a put or call option or a forward repurchase agreement that will be settled net in cash to determine whether it has retained or transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership. If the entity has not retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the transferred asset, it determines whether it has retained control of the transferred asset. That the put or the call or the forward repurchase agreement is settled net in cash does not automatically mean that the entity has transferred control (see <xref id="IFRS09_X1128" base="F69240671" href="IFRS09_B3.2.9.dita#IFRS09_B3.2.9">paragraphs B3.2.9</xref> and <xref id="IFRS09_X1129" base="F69240676" href="#IFRS09_B3.2.16/IFRS09_P0854">(g)</xref>, <xref id="IFRS09_X1130" base="F69240675" href="#IFRS09_B3.2.16/IFRS09_P0856">(h)</xref> and <xref id="IFRS09_X1131" base="F69240677" href="#IFRS09_B3.2.16/IFRS09_P0857">(i)</xref> above).</p>                </li><li><li_value>(l)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0862" base="F32571053"><i>Removal of accounts provision</i>. A removal of accounts provision is an unconditional repurchase (call) option that gives an entity the right to reclaim assets transferred subject to some restrictions. Provided that such an option results in the entity neither retaining nor transferring substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership, it precludes derecognition only to the extent of the amount subject to repurchase (assuming that the transferee cannot sell the assets). For example, if the carrying amount and proceeds from the transfer of loan assets are CU100,000 and any individual loan could be called back but the aggregate amount of loans that could be repurchased could not exceed CU10,000, CU90,000 of the loans would qualify for derecognition.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(m)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0864" base="F32571058"><i>Clean‑up calls</i>. An entity, which may be a transferor, that services transferred assets may hold a clean‑up call to purchase remaining transferred assets when the amount of outstanding assets falls to a specified level at which the cost of servicing those assets becomes burdensome in relation to the benefits of servicing. Provided that such a clean‑up call results in the entity neither retaining nor transferring substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and the transferee cannot sell the assets, it precludes derecognition only to the extent of the amount of the assets that is subject to the call option.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(n)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0866" base="F32571063"><i>Subordinated retained interests and credit guarantees</i>. An entity may provide the transferee with credit enhancement by subordinating some or all of its interest retained in the transferred asset. Alternatively, an entity may provide the transferee with credit enhancement in the form of a credit guarantee that could be unlimited or limited to a specified amount.                      If the entity retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the transferred asset, the asset continues to be recognised in its entirety. If the entity retains some, but not substantially all, of the risks and rewards of ownership and has retained control, derecognition is precluded to the extent of the amount of cash or other assets that the entity could be required to pay.                    </p>       </li><li><li_value>(o)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0867" base="F32571071"><i>Total return swaps</i>. An entity may sell a financial asset to a transferee and enter into a total return swap with the transferee, whereby all of the interest payment cash flows from the underlying asset are remitted to the entity in exchange for a fixed payment or variable rate payment and any increases or declines in the fair value of the underlying asset are absorbed by the entity. In such a case, derecognition of all of the asset is prohibited.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(p)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0869" base="F32571076"><i>Interest rate swaps</i>. An entity may transfer to a transferee a fixed rate financial asset and enter into an interest rate swap with the transferee to receive a fixed interest rate and pay a variable interest rate based on a notional amount that is equal to the principal amount of the transferred financial asset. The interest rate swap does not preclude derecognition of the transferred asset provided the payments on the swap are not conditional on payments being made on the transferred asset.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(q)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0871" base="F32571081"><i>Amortising interest rate swaps</i>. An entity may transfer to a transferee a fixed rate financial asset that is paid off over time, and enter into an amortising interest rate swap with the transferee to receive a fixed interest rate and pay a variable interest rate based on a notional amount. If the notional amount of the swap amortises so that it equals the principal amount of the transferred financial asset outstanding at any point in time, the swap would generally result in the entity retaining substantial prepayment risk, in which case the entity either continues to recognise all of the transferred asset or continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of its continuing involvement. Conversely, if the amortisation of the notional amount of the swap is not linked to the principal amount outstanding of the transferred asset, such a swap would not result in the entity retaining prepayment risk on the asset. Hence, it would not preclude derecognition of the transferred asset provided the payments on the swap are not conditional on interest payments being made on the transferred asset and the swap does not result in the entity retaining any other significant risks and rewards of ownership on the transferred asset.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(r)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P0873" base="F32570870"><i>Write‑off</i>. An entity has no reasonable expectations of recovering the contractual cash flows on a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof.</p>                </li></ol></body></paragraph>