<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS09_B2.5"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B2.5</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;9"/><data name="paranum" value="B2.5"/></prolog><body><variant base="F58785930" id="IFRS09_B2.5_V2">       <p id="IFRS09_P0766">Financial guarantee contracts&#xa0;may have various legal forms, such as a guarantee, some types of letter of credit, a credit default contract or an insurance contract. Their accounting treatment does not depend on their legal form. The following are examples of the appropriate treatment (see&#xa0;<xref base="F58785932" href="IFRS09_g2.1-2.7.dita#IFRS09_g2.1-2.7/IFRS09_g2.1-2.7_TI" id="IFRS09_X1044">paragraph&#xa0;2.1(e)</xref>):</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="F58785933" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS09_L0089"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="F58785935" id="IFRS09_P0767">Although a financial guarantee contract meets the definition of an insurance contract in&#xa0;<xref base="F59237172" href="../ifrs17/IFRS17_TOC.dita#IFRS17_TOC0001" id="IFRS09_X1045">IFRS&#xa0;17</xref>&#xa0;(see&#xa0;<xref base="F59237475" href="../ifrs17/IFRS17_7.dita#IFRS17_7" id="IFRS09_X1046">paragraph 7(e) of IFRS&#xa0;17</xref>) if the risk transferred is significant, the issuer applies this Standard. Nevertheless, if the issuer has previously asserted explicitly that it regards such contracts as insurance contracts and has used accounting that is applicable to insurance contracts, the issuer may elect to apply either this Standard or IFRS&#xa0;17 to such financial guarantee contracts. If this Standard applies,&#xa0;<xref href="IFRS09_5.1.1.dita" scope="local" id="IFRS09_X1047">paragraph&#xa0;5.1.1</xref>&#xa0;requires the issuer to recognise a financial guarantee contract initially at fair value. If the financial guarantee contract was issued to an unrelated party in a stand-alone arm&#x2019;s length transaction, its fair value at inception is likely to equal the premium received, unless there is evidence to the contrary. Subsequently, unless the financial guarantee contract was designated at inception as at fair value through profit or loss or unless&#xa0;<xref base="F58785939" href="IFRS09_0056.dita#IFRS09_0056/IFRS09_0056_TI" id="IFRS09_X1048">paragraphs&#xa0;3.2.15&#x2013;3.2.23</xref>&#xa0;and&#xa0;<xref base="F58785940" href="IFRS09_g3.2.15-3.2.15.dita#IFRS09_g3.2.15-3.2.15/IFRS09_g3.2.15-3.2.15_TI" id="IFRS09_X1049">B3.2.12&#x2013;B3.2.17</xref>&#xa0;apply (when a transfer of a financial asset does not qualify for&#xa0;derecognition&#xa0;or the continuing involvement approach applies), the issuer measures it at the higher of:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F58785942" type="lower-roman" id="IFRS09_L0090"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="F58785944" id="IFRS09_P0768">the amount determined in accordance with Section&#xa0;5.5; and</p>             </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F58785946" id="IFRS09_P0769">the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in accordance with the principles of&#xa0;<xref base="F58785947" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita" keyref="IFRS09_gB3.2.12-B3.2.12_TI" id="IFRS09_X1050">IFRS&#xa0;15</xref>&#xa0;(see&#xa0;<xref base="F58785948" href="IFRS09_4.2.1.dita" keyref="IFRS09_g4.2.1-4.2.2_TI" scope="local" id="IFRS09_X1051">paragraph&#xa0;4.2.1(c)</xref>).</p>             </li></ol>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="F58785950" id="IFRS09_P0770">Some credit-related guarantees do not, as a precondition for payment, require that the holder is exposed to, and has incurred a loss on, the failure of the debtor to make payments on the guaranteed asset when due. An example of such a guarantee is one that requires payments in response to changes in a specified credit rating or credit index. Such guarantees are not financial guarantee contracts as defined in this Standard, and are not insurance contracts as defined in IFRS&#xa0;17. Such guarantees are&#xa0;derivatives&#xa0;and the issuer applies this Standard to them.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p base="F58785954" id="IFRS09_P0771">If a financial guarantee contract was issued in connection with the sale of goods, the issuer applies&#xa0;<xref base="F58785955" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita" keyref="IFRS09_g4.2.1-4.2.2_TI" scope="local" id="IFRS09_X1052">IFRS&#xa0;15</xref>&#xa0;in determining when it recognises the revenue from the guarantee and from the sale of goods.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>