<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS09_B5.4.2" base="F32626239"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B5.4.2</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;9"/><data name="paranum" value="B5.4.2"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P1282">Fees that are an integral part of the effective interest rate of a financial instrument include:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS09_L0125" base="F32626241" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P1283" base="F32626436">origination fees received by the entity relating to the creation or acquisition of a financial asset. Such fees may include compensation for activities such as evaluating the borrower&#x2019;s financial condition, evaluating and recording guarantees, collateral and other security arrangements, negotiating the terms of the instrument, preparing and processing documents and closing the transaction. These fees are an integral part of generating an involvement with the resulting financial instrument.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P1284" base="F32626438">commitment fees received by the entity to originate a loan when the loan commitment is not measured in accordance with <xref id="IFRS09_X1354" base="F70390899" href="IFRS09_g4.2.1-4.2.2.dita#IFRS09_g4.2.1-4.2.2/IFRS09_g4.2.1-4.2.2_TI">paragraph&#xa0;4.2.1(a)</xref> and it is probable that the entity will enter into a specific lending arrangement. These fees are regarded as compensation for an ongoing involvement with the acquisition of a financial instrument. If the commitment expires without the entity making the loan, the fee is recognised as revenue on expiry.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P1285" base="F32626440">origination fees paid on issuing financial liabilities measured at amortised cost. These fees are an integral part of generating an involvement with a financial liability. An entity distinguishes fees and costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate for the financial liability from origination fees and transaction costs relating to the right to provide services, such as investment management services.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>