<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="F32570538" id="IFRS09_7_2_26"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>7.2.26</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="7.2.26"/></prolog><body><variant>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next">As an exception to prospective application of the hedge accounting requirements of this Standard, an entity:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p>shall apply the accounting for the time value of options in accordance with <xref base="F68597453" href="IFRS09_6_5_12.dita" id="IFRS09_X0908">paragraph 6.5.15</xref> retrospectively if, in accordance with <xref base="F68597455" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" id="IFRS09_X0909">IAS 39</xref>, only the change in an option&#x2019;s intrinsic value was designated as a hedging instrument in a hedging relationship. This retrospective application applies only to those hedging relationships that existed at the beginning of the earliest comparative period or were designated thereafter.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p>may apply the accounting for the forward element of forward contracts in accordance with <xref base="F68597454" href="IFRS09_g6_5_16-6_5_16.dita" id="IFRS09_X0910">paragraph 6.5.16</xref> retrospectively if, in accordance with IAS 39, only the change in the spot element of a forward contract was designated as a hedging instrument in a hedging relationship. This retrospective application applies only to those hedging relationships that existed at the beginning of the earliest comparative period or were designated thereafter. In addition, if an entity elects retrospective application of this accounting, it shall be applied to all hedging relationships that qualify for this election (ie on transition this election is not available on a hedging-relationship-by-hedging-relationship basis). The accounting for foreign currency basis spreads (see <xref base="F68597456" href="IFRS09_g6_5_16-6_5_16.dita" id="IFRS09_X0911">paragraph 6.5.16</xref>) may be applied retrospectively for those hedging relationships that existed at the beginning of the earliest comparative period or were designated thereafter.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p>shall apply retrospectively the requirement of <xref base="F68597457" href="IFRS09_6_5_6.dita" id="IFRS09_X0912">paragraph 6.5.6</xref> that there is not an expiration or termination of the hedging instrument if:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p>as a consequence of laws or regulations, or the introduction of laws or regulations, the parties to the hedging instrument agree that one or more clearing counterparties replace their original counterparty to become the new counterparty to each of the parties; and</p>             </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p>other changes, if any, to the hedging instrument are limited to those that are necessary to effect such a replacement of the counterparty.</p>             </li></ol>         </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p>shall apply the requirements in <xref href="IFRS09_g6_8_1-6_8_12.dita" scope="local">Section 6.8</xref> retrospectively. This retrospective application applies only to             those hedging relationships that existed at the beginning of the reporting period in             which an entity first applies those requirements or were designated thereafter, and to             the amount accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve that existed at the beginning of             the reporting period in which an entity first applies those requirements.            </p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>