<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS09_B6.3.10" base="SL32626733"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B6.3.10</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;9"/><data name="paranum" value="B6.3.10"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P1511">When designating risk components as hedged items, an entity considers whether the risk components are explicitly specified in a contract (contractually specified risk components)  or whether they are implicit in the fair value or the cash flows of an item of which they are a part (non-contractually specified risk components).  Non&#x2011;contractually specified risk components can relate to items that are not a contract (for example, forecast transactions) or contracts that do not explicitly specify the component (for example, a firm commitment that includes only one single price instead of a pricing formula that references different underlyings). For example:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS09_L0142" base="SL32626734" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P1512" base="SL32626736">Entity A has a long-term supply contract for natural gas that is priced using a contractually specified formula that references commodities and other factors (for example, gas oil, fuel oil and other components such as transport charges). Entity A hedges the gas oil component in that supply contract using a gas oil forward contract. Because the gas oil component is specified by the terms and conditions of the supply contract it is a contractually specified risk component. Hence, because of the pricing formula, Entity A concludes that the gas oil price exposure is separately identifiable. At the same time, there is a market for gas oil forward contracts. Hence, Entity A concludes that the gas oil price exposure is reliably measurable. Consequently, the gas oil price exposure in the supply contract is a risk component that is eligible for designation as a hedged item.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P1513" base="SL32626738">Entity B hedges its future coffee purchases based on its production forecast. Hedging starts up to 15 months before delivery for part of the forecast purchase volume. Entity B increases the hedged volume over time (as the delivery date approaches). Entity B uses two different types of contracts to manage its coffee price risk:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS09_L0143" base="SL32626739" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P1514" base="SL32626741">exchange-traded coffee futures contracts; and</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P1515" base="SL32626743">coffee supply contracts for Arabica coffee from Colombia delivered to a specific manufacturing site. These contracts price a tonne of coffee based on the exchange-traded coffee futures contract price plus a fixed price differential plus a variable logistics services charge using a pricing formula. The coffee supply contract is an executory contract in accordance with which Entity B takes actual delivery of coffee.</p></li></ol> <p id="IFRS09_P1516" base="SL32626744">For deliveries that relate to the current harvest, entering into the coffee supply contracts allows Entity B to fix the price differential between the actual coffee quality purchased (Arabica coffee from Colombia) and the benchmark quality that is the underlying of the exchange-traded futures contract. However, for deliveries that relate to the next harvest, the coffee supply contracts are not yet available, so the price differential cannot be fixed. Entity B uses exchange-traded coffee futures contracts to hedge the benchmark quality component of its coffee price risk for deliveries that relate to the current harvest as well as the next harvest. Entity B determines that it is exposed to three different risks: coffee price risk reflecting the benchmark quality, coffee price risk reflecting the difference (spread) between the price for the benchmark quality coffee and the particular Arabica coffee from Colombia that it actually receives, and the variable logistics costs. For deliveries related to the current harvest, after Entity B enters into a coffee supply contract, the coffee price risk reflecting the benchmark quality is a contractually specified risk component because the pricing formula includes an indexation to the exchange-traded coffee futures contract price. Entity B concludes that this risk component is separately identifiable and reliably measurable. For deliveries related to the next harvest, Entity B has not yet entered into any coffee supply contracts (ie those deliveries are forecast transactions). Hence, the coffee price risk reflecting the benchmark quality is a non-contractually specified risk component. Entity B&#x2019;s analysis of the market structure takes into account how eventual deliveries of the particular coffee that it receives are priced. Hence, on the basis of this analysis of the market structure, Entity B concludes that the forecast transactions also involve the coffee price risk that reflects the benchmark quality as a risk component that is separately identifiable and reliably measurable even though it is not contractually specified. Consequently, Entity B may designate hedging relationships on a risk components basis (for the coffee price risk that reflects the benchmark quality) for coffee supply contracts as well as forecast transactions.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS09_P1517" base="SL32626746">Entity C hedges part of its future jet fuel purchases           on the basis of its consumption forecast up to 24 months before delivery and increases the           volume that it hedges over time. Entity C hedges this exposure using different types of           contracts depending on the time horizon of the hedge, which affects the market liquidity           of the derivatives.           For the longer time horizons (12&#x2013;24 months) Entity C uses crude oil contracts           because only these have sufficient market liquidity. For time horizons of 6&#x2013;12           months Entity C uses gas oil derivatives because they are sufficiently liquid. For time           horizons up to six months Entity C uses jet fuel contracts. Entity&#xa0;C&#x2019;s analysis of           the market structure for oil and oil products and its evaluation of the relevant facts and           circumstances is as follows:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS09_L0144" base="SL32626747" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P1518" base="SL32626749">Entity C operates in a geographical area in which               Brent is the crude oil benchmark. Crude oil is a raw material benchmark that affects               the price of various refined oil products as their most basic input. Gas oil is a               benchmark for refined oil products, which is used as a pricing reference for oil               distillates more generally. This is also reflected in the types of derivative               financial instruments for the crude oil and refined oil products markets of the               environment in which Entity C operates, such as:</p><ul id="IFRS09_L0145" base="SL32626750"><li>                 <p id="IFRS09_P1519" base="SL32626752">the benchmark crude oil futures contract,                   which is for Brent crude oil;</p>               </li><li>                 <p id="IFRS09_P1520" base="SL32626754">the benchmark gas oil futures contract, which                   is used as the pricing reference for distillates&#x2014;for example, jet fuel                   spread derivatives cover the price differential between jet fuel and that                   benchmark gas oil; and</p>               </li><li>                 <p id="IFRS09_P1521" base="SL32626756">the benchmark gas oil crack spread derivative                   (ie the derivative for the price differential between crude oil and gas                   oil&#x2014;a refining margin), which is indexed to Brent crude oil.</p>               </li></ul></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P1522" base="SL32626758">the pricing of refined oil products does not               depend on which particular crude oil is processed by a particular refinery because               those refined oil products (such as gas oil or jet fuel) are standardised               products.</p></li></ol><p id="IFRS09_P1523" base="SL32626759">Hence, Entity C concludes that the price risk of           its jet fuel purchases includes a crude oil price risk component based on Brent crude oil           and a gas oil price risk component, even though crude oil and gas oil are not specified in           any contractual arrangement. Entity C concludes that these two risk components are           separately identifiable and reliably measurable even though they are not contractually           specified. Consequently, Entity C may designate hedging relationships for forecast jet           fuel purchases on a risk components basis (for crude oil or gas oil). This analysis also           means that if, for example, Entity C used crude oil derivatives based on West Texas           Intermediate (WTI) crude oil, changes in the price differential between Brent crude oil           and WTI crude oil would cause hedge ineffectiveness.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P1524" base="SL32626761">Entity D holds a fixed-rate debt instrument. This instrument is issued in an environment with a market in which a large variety of similar debt instruments are compared by their spreads to a benchmark rate (for example, LIBOR) and variable-rate instruments in that environment are typically indexed to that benchmark rate. Interest rate swaps are frequently used to manage interest rate risk on the basis of that benchmark rate, irrespective of the spread of debt instruments to that benchmark rate. The price of fixed-rate debt instruments varies directly in response to changes in the benchmark rate as they happen. Entity D concludes that the benchmark rate is a component that can be separately identified and reliably measured. Consequently, Entity D may designate hedging relationships for the fixed-rate debt instrument on a risk component basis for the benchmark interest rate risk.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>