<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="F32626132" id="IFRS09_B4_3_5" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B4.3.5</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;9"/><data name="paranum" value="B4.3.5"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P1197">The economic characteristics and risks of an embedded derivative are not closely related to the host contract (<xref base="F69953864" href="IFRS09_g4_3_3-4_3_7.dita#IFRS09_g4_3_3-4_3_7/IFRS09_g4_3_3-4_3_7_TI" id="IFRS09_X1291">paragraph 4.3.3(a)</xref>) in the following examples. In these examples, assuming the conditions in <xref base="F69953865" href="IFRS09_g4_3_3-4_3_7.dita#IFRS09_g4_3_3-4_3_7/IFRS09_g4_3_3-4_3_7_TI" id="IFRS09_X1292">paragraph 4.3.3(b) and (c)</xref> are met, an entity accounts for the embedded derivative separately from the host contract.</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F32626135" id="IFRS09_L0113" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F32626137" id="IFRS09_P1198">A put option embedded in an instrument that enables the holder to require the issuer to reacquire the instrument for an amount of cash or other assets that varies on the basis of the change in an equity or commodity price or index is not closely related to a host debt instrument.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F32626139" id="IFRS09_P1199">An option or automatic provision to extend the remaining term to maturity of a debt instrument is not closely related to the host debt instrument unless there is a concurrent adjustment to the approximate current market rate of interest at the time of the extension. If an entity issues a debt instrument and the holder of that debt instrument writes a call option on the debt instrument to a third party, the issuer regards the call option as extending the term to maturity of the debt instrument provided the issuer can be required to participate in or facilitate the remarketing of the debt instrument as a result of the call option being exercised.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F32626141" id="IFRS09_P1200">Equity&#x2011;indexed interest or principal payments embedded in a host debt instrument or insurance contract&#x2014;by which the amount of interest or principal is indexed to the value of equity instruments&#x2014;are not closely related to the host instrument because the risks inherent in the host and the embedded derivative are dissimilar.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p base="F32626143" id="IFRS09_P1201">Commodity&#x2011;indexed interest or principal payments embedded in a host debt instrument or insurance contract&#x2014;by which the amount of interest or principal is indexed to the price of a commodity (such as gold)&#x2014;are not closely related to the host instrument because the risks inherent in the host and the embedded derivative are dissimilar.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p base="F32626145" id="IFRS09_P1202">A call, put, or prepayment option embedded in a host debt contract or host insurance contract is not closely related to the host contract unless:</p>  <ol outputclass="static" base="F32626148" id="IFRS09_L0114" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p base="F32626150" id="IFRS09_P1204">the option&#x2019;s exercise price is approximately equal on each exercise date to the amortised cost of the host debt instrument or the carrying amount of the host insurance contract; or</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p base="F32626152" id="IFRS09_P1205">the exercise price of a prepayment option reimburses the lender for an amount up to the approximate present value of lost interest for the remaining term of the host contract. Lost interest is the product of the principal amount prepaid multiplied by the interest rate differential. The interest rate differential is the excess of the effective interest rate of the host contract over the effective interest rate the entity would receive at the prepayment date if it reinvested the principal amount prepaid in a similar contract for the remaining term of the host contract.</p></li></ol> <p base="F32626153" id="IFRS09_P1206">The assessment of whether the call or put option is closely related to the host debt contract is made before separating the equity element of a convertible debt instrument in accordance with <xref base="F69953867" href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001/IAS32_TOC0001_V2" id="IFRS09_X1294">IAS&#xa0;32</xref>.</p></li></ol><ol outputclass="static" base="F32626154" id="IFRS09_L0115" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p base="F32626156" id="IFRS09_P1207">Credit derivatives that are embedded in a host debt instrument and allow one party (the &#x2018;beneficiary&#x2019;) to transfer the credit risk of a particular reference asset, which it may not own, to another party (the &#x2018;guarantor&#x2019;) are not closely related to the host debt instrument. Such credit derivatives allow the guarantor to assume the credit risk associated with the reference asset without directly owning it.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>