<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS09_6.5.6" base="SL32570287" principles="yes"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>6.5.6</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="6.5.6"/></prolog><body outputclass="bold"><p id="IFRS09_P0469">An entity shall discontinue hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging relationship (or a part of a hedging relationship) ceases to meet the qualifying criteria (after taking into account any rebalancing of the hedging relationship, if applicable).  This includes instances when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised. For this purpose, the replacement or rollover of a hedging instrument into another hedging instrument is not an expiration or termination if such a replacement or rollover is part of, and consistent with, the entity’s documented risk management objective.  Additionally, for this purpose there is not an expiration or termination of the hedging instrument if:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS09_L0053" base="SL32570288" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P0470" base="SL32570290">as a consequence of laws or regulations or the introduction of laws or regulations, the parties to the hedging instrument agree that one or more clearing counterparties replace their original counterparty to become the new counterparty to each of the parties. For this purpose, a clearing counterparty is a central counterparty (sometimes called a ‘clearing organisation’ or ‘clearing agency’) or an entity or entities, for example, a clearing member of a clearing organisation or a client of a clearing member of a clearing organisation, that are acting as a counterparty in order to effect clearing by a central counterparty. However, when the parties to the hedging instrument replace their original counterparties with different counterparties the requirement in this subparagraph is met only if each of those parties effects clearing with the same central counterparty.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P0471" base="SL32570292">other changes, if any, to the hedging instrument are limited to those that are necessary to effect such a replacement of the counterparty. Such changes are limited to those that are consistent with the terms that would be expected if the hedging instrument were originally cleared with the clearing counterparty. These changes include changes in the collateral requirements, rights to offset receivables and payables balances, and charges levied.</p></li></ol><p id="IFRS09_P0474" base="SL32570293">Discontinuing hedge accounting can either affect a hedging relationship in its entirety or only a part of it (in which case hedge accounting continues for the remainder of the hedging relationship). </p></body></paragraph>