<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="SL32626712" id="IFRS09_B6_3_3"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B6.3.3</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;9"/><data name="paranum" value="B6.3.3"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P1495"><xref href="IFRS09_6_3_4.dita" scope="local" id="IFRS09_X1534">Paragraph 6.3.4</xref>&#xa0;permits an entity to designate as hedged items aggregated exposures that are a combination of an exposure and a&#xa0;derivative. When designating such a hedged item, an entity assesses whether the aggregated exposure combines an exposure with a derivative so that it creates a different aggregated exposure that is managed as one exposure for a particular risk (or risks).              In that case, the entity may designate the hedged item on the basis of the aggregated exposure. For example:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL32626713" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS09_L0140"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL32626715" id="IFRS09_P1496">an entity may hedge a given quantity of highly probable coffee purchases in 15 months&#x2019; time against price risk (based on US dollars) using a 15-month futures contract for coffee. The highly probable coffee purchases and the futures contract for coffee in combination can be viewed as a 15-month fixed-amount US dollar foreign currency risk exposure for risk management purposes (ie like any fixed-amount US&#xa0;dollar cash outflow in 15 months&#x2019; time).</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL32626717" id="IFRS09_P1497">an entity may hedge the foreign currency risk for the entire term of a 10-year fixed-rate debt denominated in a foreign currency. However, the entity requires fixed-rate exposure in its functional currency only for a short to medium term (say two years) and floating rate exposure in its functional currency for the remaining term to maturity. At the end of each of the two-year intervals (ie on a two-year rolling basis) the entity fixes the next two years&#x2019; interest rate exposure (if the interest level is such that the entity wants to fix interest rates). In such a situation an entity may enter into a 10-year fixed-to-floating cross-currency interest rate swap that swaps the fixed-rate foreign currency debt into a variable-rate functional currency exposure. This is overlaid with a two-year interest rate swap that&#x2014;on the basis of the functional currency&#x2014;swaps variable-rate debt into fixed-rate debt. In effect, the fixed-rate foreign currency debt and the 10-year fixed-to-floating cross-currency interest rate swap in combination are viewed as a 10-year variable-rate debt functional currency exposure for risk management purposes.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>