<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS09_B4.1.30"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B4.1.30</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="B4.1.30"/></prolog><body><variant id="IFRS09_B4.1.30_V2" base="F58788802"> <p id="IFRS09_P1179">The following examples show when this condition could be met. In all cases, an entity may use this condition to designate financial assets or financial liabilities as at fair value through profit or loss only if it meets the principle in <xref id="IFRS09_X1276" base="F69953763" href="IFRS09_g4.1.5-4.1.5.dita#IFRS09_g4.1.5-4.1.5/IFRS09_g4.1.5-4.1.5_TI">paragraph 4.1.5</xref> or <xref id="IFRS09_X1277" base="F69953807" href="IFRS09_g4.2.2-4.2.2.dita#IFRS09_g4.2.2-4.2.2/IFRS09_g4.2.2-4.2.2_TI">4.2.2(a)</xref>:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS09_L0112" base="F58788805" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P1180" base="F58788807">an entity has contracts within the <xref id="IFRS09_X1278" base="F69953808" href="../ifrs17/IFRS17_g3-13.dita#IFRS17_g3-13/IFRS17_g3-13_TI">scope of IFRS 17</xref> (the measurement of which incorporates current information) and financial assets that it considers to be related and that would otherwise be measured at either fair value through other comprehensive income or amortised cost.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P1181" base="F58788810">an entity has financial assets, financial liabilities or both that share a risk, such as interest rate risk, and that gives rise to opposite changes in fair value that tend to offset each other. However, only some of the instruments would be measured at fair value through profit or loss (for example, those that are derivatives, or are classified as held for trading). It may also be the case that the requirements for hedge accounting are not met because, for example, the requirements for hedge effectiveness in <xref id="IFRS09_X1279" base="F69953809" href="IFRS09_g6.4.1-6.4.1.dita#IFRS09_g6.4.1-6.4.1/IFRS09_g6.4.1-6.4.1_TI">paragraph 6.4.1</xref> are not met.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P1182" base="F58788815">an entity has financial assets, financial liabilities or both that share a risk, such as interest rate risk, that gives rise to opposite changes in fair value that tend to offset each other and none of the financial assets or financial liabilities qualifies for designation as a hedging instrument because they are not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Furthermore, in the absence of hedge accounting there is a significant inconsistency in the recognition of gains and losses. For example, the entity has financed a specified group of loans by issuing traded bonds whose changes in fair value tend to offset each other. If, in addition, the entity regularly buys and sells the bonds but rarely, if ever, buys and sells the loans, reporting both the loans and the bonds at fair value through profit or loss eliminates the inconsistency in the timing of the recognition of the gains and losses that would otherwise result from measuring them both at amortised cost and recognising a gain or loss each time a bond is repurchased.</p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>