<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IAS39_edu_footnotes"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IAS39_FN0002">       <p id="IAS39_P5769">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—August 2005: <i>Meaning of delivery</i> </p>       <p>The IFRIC considered the application of the ‘own purchase, sale or usage requirements’ scope exemption in paragraph 5 of IAS 39 when: the market design or process imposes a structure or intermediary (eg a gold refiner or an electricity market operator) that prevents the producer from physically delivering its production to the counterparty of the hedge pricing contract; and in some cases, physical delivery is to the intermediary for the spot price, even if the producer is protected from spot price risk by a separate contract that effectively sets a fixed price for the producer’s production. The IFRIC noted that ‘delivery’ for the purposes of the paragraph 5 exemption is not necessarily restricted to the physical delivery of the underlying to a specific customer, as physical delivery is not a condition of the exemption. The IFRIC was of the view that delivery of gold to a refiner in return for an allocation of an equivalent quantity of refined gold was not delivery, but that allocation of that refined gold to a customer’s account could be regarded as delivery. The IFRIC decided not to develop guidance on the meaning of ‘delivery’ as it was not aware of evidence of significant diversity in practice. The IFRIC indicated that a synthetic arrangement that results from the linking of a non‑deliverable contract entered into with a customer to fix the price of a commodity with a transaction to buy or sell the commodity through an intermediary would not satisfy the paragraph 5 scope exemption. The IFRIC decided not to add this topic to its agenda, since IAS 39 was clear on both points.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0003">       <p id="IAS39_P5770">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—March 2010: <i>Unit of account for forward contracts with volumetric optionality</i> </p>       <p>The IFRIC received a request to add an item to its agenda on providing guidance on whether a contract that (a) obliges an entity to deliver (sell) at a fixed price a fixed number of units of a non‑financial item that is readily convertible to cash and (b) that provides the counterparty with the option to purchase also at a fixed price a fixed number of additional units of the same item can be assessed as two separate contracts for the purpose of applying paragraphs 5–7 of IAS 39. Although the IFRIC recognised that significant diversity exists in practice, it noted that the Board had accelerated its project to develop a replacement for IAS 39 and expected to issue a new standard by the end of 2010. The Board will consider the scope of IAS 39, including the guidance about contracts to buy or sell non‑financial items in IAS 39.5–7, as part of the replacement for that standard. Therefore, the IFRIC decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS39_74" id="IAS39_FN0004">       <p id="IAS39_P5771">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2007, Agenda Decision, ‘IAS 39 <i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</i>—Written options in retail energy contracts’</p>       <p>The IFRIC received a request to interpret what is meant by ‘written option’ within the context of paragraph 7 of IAS 39.</p>       <p>Under paragraph 7 of IAS 39 a written option to buy or sell a non‑financial item that can be net settled (as defined in paragraph 5) cannot be considered to have been entered into for the purpose of meeting the reporting entity’s normal purchase, sale and usage requirements. The application of this paragraph is illustrated in the current guidance.</p>       <p>The submission was primarily concerned with the accounting for energy supply contracts to retail customers.</p>       <p>Analysis of such contracts suggests that in many situations these contracts are not capable of net cash settlement as laid out in paragraphs 5 and 6 of IAS 39. If this is the case, such contracts would not be considered to be within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       <p>In the light of the above, the IFRIC expected little divergence in practice and therefore decided not to add the item to the agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0005">       <p id="IAS39_P5772">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, July 2007, Agenda Decision, ‘IAS 39 <i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</i>—Gaming transactions’</p>       <p>The IFRIC considered a submission relating to the accounting for wagers received by a gaming institution.</p>       <p>The IFRIC noted the definitions of financial assets and financial liabilities in IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>, and the application guidance in paragraph AG8 of IAS 32. It noted that when a gaming institution takes a position against a customer, the resulting unsettled wager is a financial instrument that is likely to meet the definition of a derivative financial instrument and should be accounted for under IAS 39.</p>       <p>In other situations, a gaming institution does not take positions against customers but instead provides services to manage the organisation of games between two or more gaming parties. The gaming institution earns a commission for such services regardless of the outcome of the wager. The IFRIC noted that such a commission was likely to meet the definition of revenue and would be recognised when the conditions in IAS 18 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue</ph></ph> were met.</p>       <p>The IFRIC did not consider that there was widespread divergence in practice in this area and therefore decided not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0006">       <p id="IAS39_P5773">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—<i>May 2009: Classification of failed loan syndications</i> </p>       <p>The IFRIC was asked whether a loan amount resulting from a loan syndication that the originator intends to sell in the near term must always be classified as held for trading. The question arises when loans are originated with an intention of syndication but the arranger fails to find sufficient commitments from other participants (failed syndications). The arranger then tries to sell the surplus loan amount to other parties in the near term rather than holding it for the foreseeable future. The IFRIC noted that the definitions of loans and receivables and financial asset or financial liability at fair value through profit or loss in paragraph 9 of IAS 39 determine the classification of a loan in such circumstances. The definition of loans and receivables explicitly requires a loan (or portion of a loan) that is intended to be sold immediately or in the near term to be classified as held for trading on initial recognition. Paragraph AG14 of IAS 39 describes characteristics that generally apply to financial instruments classified as held for trading. The IFRIC noted, however, that these general characteristics are not a prerequisite for all instruments the standard requires to be classified as held for trading. The IFRIC also noted that, in accordance with paragraph 50D of IAS 39, an entity would be permitted to consider reclassifying the surplus loan amount that it no longer intended to sell. Given the specific requirements in IAS 39, the IFRIC did not expect significant diversity in practice. Therefore the IFRIC decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0007">       <p id="IAS39_P5774">[IFRIC—<i>Items not added to the agenda (August 2002): Own shares that are held for trading purposes</i> </p>       <p>The IFRIC considered providing guidance on the issue regarding whether an exception from <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC‑16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Share Capital—Reacquired Own Equity Instruments (Treasury Shares)</ph></ph> should be made for own shares that are held for trading purposes in order to allow them to be measured at fair value with changes in value being reported in the income statement. The IFRIC agreed not to require publication of an Interpretation on this issue, because IAS 39 and SIC‑16are clear that: (a) own shares should be treated as a deduction from equity in all circumstances, (b) they may not be classified as an asset that is held for trading; and (c) no gain or loss is recognised in the income statement on such shares. These issues were considered as part of the process of improving IAS 32.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0008">       <p id="IAS39_P5775">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—<i>January 2007 Financial Instruments puttable at an amount other than fair value</i> </p>       <p>The IFRIC received a submission regarding the classification in the financial statements of the holders of financial instruments puttable at the option of the holders at an amount other than fair value (the puttable instruments). The submission noted that the issuer’s contractual obligation to deliver cash requires the issuer to recognise financial liabilities in its financial statements in accordance with IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>. The issue is how the puttable instruments should be accounted for in the financial statements of the holders and, in particular, whether the accounting for the instruments in the financial statements of the holders should be symmetrical with that in the financial statements of the issuer. The IFRIC noted that IAS 32 and IAS 39 do not directly address whether the accounting for financial instruments in the financial statements of the holders should be symmetrical with that in the financial statements of the issuer. However, the IFRIC noted that the issuer of a financial instrument is required to classify it in accordance with IAS 32, whereas the holder is required to classify and account for it in accordance with IAS 39. The IFRIC noted that IAS 39 requires the holder to identify embedded derivatives of hybrid financial instruments. IAS 39 also requires the holder to account for the embedded derivatives separately if all the conditions in IAS 39 paragraph 11 are met. These requirements apply to the holder regardless of whether any embedded derivatives are accounted for separately in the financial statements of the issuer. In the light of the existing guidance in IAS 39, the IFRIC decided that the issue should not be added to the agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0009">       <p id="IAS39_P5776">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—<i>November 2007: Scope of paragraph 11A</i> </p>       <p>At its meeting in September, the IFRIC had discussed a staff research paper that considered two application issues relating to IAS 39. One issue was whether the fair value option in paragraph 11A can be applied to contractual arrangements that are outside the scope of IAS 39 but contain one or more embedded derivatives. The IFRIC recommended that the Board should clarify paragraph 11A by specifying whether it applies only to contracts with embedded derivatives that have financial hosts, or whether the fair value option can be applied to all contracts with embedded derivatives. The Board is considering addressing the issue in its 2008/2009 Annual Improvements Project.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0010">       <p id="IAS39_P5777">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—<i>March 2009: Derecognition</i> </p>       <p>The IFRIC was asked: (i) how the derecognition tests in IAS 39 should be applied to groups of financial assets, in particular, when a group of financial assets should be considered similar; and (ii) when the pass-through tests in IAS 39 should be applied to a transfer of a financial asset. At its meeting in July 2006, the IFRIC decided to refer these issues to the Board for clarification. The Board discussed these issues at its meeting in September 2006 and the Board’s observations were communicated to the IFRIC at its meeting in November 2006. The IFRIC decided not to add the issue to the agenda. A tentative decision was published in the November 2006 IFRIC Update. At its meeting in January 2007, the IFRIC decided to add a limited scope project on derecognition to its agenda. However, the project has been inactive pending the availability of staff resources. Subsequently, the Board has accelerated its project to develop a replacement for the sections of IAS 39 that would have been interpreted by this IFRIC issue. The Board expects to issue a new standard on this topic no later than 2010. Therefore the IFRIC decided to remove this issue from its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0011">       <p id="IAS39_P5778">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—<i>November 2005: Retention of servicing rights</i> </p>       <p>The IFRIC was asked to provide guidance on whether an arrangement under which an entity has transferred the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of a financial asset but continues to provide servicing on the transferred asset would fail the definition of a transfer of cash flows in terms of lAS 39 paragraph 18(a). The IFRIC noted that paragraph 18(a) focuses on whether an entity transfers the contractual rights to receive the cash flows from a financial asset. The determination of whether the contractual rights to cash flows have been transferred is not affected by the transferor retaining the role of an agent to administer collection and distribution of cash flows. Therefore, retention of servicing rights by the entity transferring the financial asset does not in itself cause the transfer to fail the requirements in paragraph 18(a) of lAS 39. The IFRIC decided not to add the issue to its agenda as it did not expect significant diversity in practice to arise.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0012">       <p id="IAS39_P5779">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—<i>November 2005: Revolving structures</i> </p>       <p>The IFRIC discussed a request for guidance on whether ‘revolving’ structures would meet the pass-through requirements in paragraph 19(c) of lAS 39. In a revolving structure an entity collects cash flows on behalf of eventual recipients and uses the amounts collected to purchase new assets instead of remitting the cash to the eventual recipients. On maturity the principal amount is remitted to the eventual recipients from the cash flows arising from the reinvested assets. The IFRIC noted that in order to meet the pass-through arrangement requirements in lAS 39 paragraph 19(c) an entity is required to remit any cash flows it collects on behalf of eventual recipients without material delay. This paragraph also limits permissible reinvestments to items that qualify as cash or cash equivalents. Most revolving arrangements would involve a material delay before the original collection of cash is remitted. Furthermore, the nature of the new assets typically acquired means that most revolving arrangements involve reinvestment in assets that would not qualify as cash or cash equivalents. Therefore, it is clear that such structures would not meet the requirements in paragraph 19 (c) of lAS 39. Consequently, the IFRIC decided not to add the issue to its agenda as it did not expect significant diversity in practice to arise.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0013">       <p id="IAS39_P5780">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—<i>January 2007: Short trading</i> </p>       <p>The IFRIC received a submission regarding the accounting for short sales of securities when the terms of the short sales require delivery of the securities within the time frame established generally by regulation or convention in the marketplace concerned. A fixed price commitment between trade date and settlement date of a short sale contract meets the definition of a derivative according to IAS 39 paragraph 9. However, the submission noted that entities that enter into regular way purchase or sales of financial assets are allowed to choose trade date or settlement date accounting in accordance with IAS 39 paragraph 38. Therefore, the issue was whether short sales of securities should be eligible for the regular way exceptions (ie whether entities that enter into short sales are permitted to choose trade date or settlement date accounting). The IFRIC noted that paragraphs AG55 and AG56 of IAS 39 address the recognition and derecognition of financial assets traded under regular way purchases and regular way sales of long positions. If the regular way exceptions are not applicable to short sales of securities, such short sales should be accounted for as derivatives and be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. The IFRIC received several comment letters explaining an interpretation of IAS 39 that is commonly used in practice. Under that interpretation, entities that enter into short sales of securities are allowed to choose trade date or settlement date accounting. Specifically, practice recognises the short sales as financial liabilities at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Under the industry practice, the same profit or loss amount is recognised as would have been recognised if short sales of securities were accounted for as derivatives but the securities are presented differently on the balance sheet. The IFRIC acknowledged that requiring entities to account for the short positions as derivatives may create considerable practical problems for their accounting systems and controls with little, if any, improvement to the quality of the financial information presented. For these reasons and because there is little diversity in practice, the IFRIC decided not to add the issue to the agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0014">       <p id="IAS39_P5781">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—<i>November 2006: Changes in the contractual terms of an existing equity instrument resulting in it being reclassified to financial liability</i> </p>       <p>The IFRIC was asked to consider a situation in which an amendment to the contractual terms of an equity instrument resulted in the instrument being classified as a financial liability of the issuer. Two issues were discussed: (i) on what basis the financial liability should be measured at the date when the terms were changed; and (ii) how any difference between the carrying amount of the previously recognised equity instrument and the amount of the financial liability recognised at the date when the terms were changed should be accounted for. The IFRIC noted that at the time when the contractual terms were changed, a financial liability was initially recognised, and, furthermore, that a financial liability on initial recognition is measured at its fair value in accordance with paragraph 43 of IAS 39. The IFRIC observed that Example 3 of IFRIC 2 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Members’ Shares in Co-operative Entities and Similar Instruments</ph></ph> deals with a similar situation. In that example, at the time when the financial liabilities are recognised, when the terms are changed, they are recognised at their fair value. The IFRIC observed that the change in the terms of the instrument gave rise to derecognition of the original equity instrument. The IFRIC noted that paragraph 33 of IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph> states that no gain or loss shall be recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of an entity’s own equity instruments. The IFRIC, therefore, believed that, at the time when the terms were changed, the difference between the carrying amount of the equity instrument and the fair value of the newly recognised financial liability should be recognised in equity. The IFRIC believed that the requirements of IFRSs, taken as a whole, were sufficiently clear and that the issue was not expected to have widespread relevance in practice. The IFRIC therefore decided that the issue should not be added to the agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0015">       <p id="IAS39_P5782">[IFRIC—Items not added to the agenda (October 2004):</p>       <p>The IFRIC considered whether under IAS 39 an entity should recognise an impairment on a group of loans if its loss expectation at initial recognition of the loans had not changed, but the entity could estimate reliably, on the basis of the past, that loss events occurred after initial recognition, but before the reporting date. The IFRIC decided that the interpretation of the Standard was clear and that an entity should recognise such an incurred impairment loss that is supported by objective evidence, which might not have been reported before the entity’s reporting date. However, an impairment loss could not be recognised if relevant events had not been recognised.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0016">       <p id="IAS39_P5783">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—<i>June 2005: Impairment of an equity security</i> </p>       <p>The following item was reported in the April 2005 IFRIC Update without specific wording for rejection. At this meeting, the IFRIC approved the following wording for rejection. The IFRIC considered whether to develop guidance on how to determine whether under paragraph 61 of IAS 39 (as revised in March 2004) there has been a ‘significant or prolonged decline’ in the fair value of an equity instrument below its cost in the situation when an impairment loss has previously been recognised for an investment classified as available for sale. The IFRIC decided not to develop any guidance on this issue. The IFRIC noted that IAS 39 referred to original cost on initial recognition and did not regard a prior impairment as having established a new cost basis. The IFRIC also noted that IAS 39 Implementation Guidance E.4.9 states that further declines in value after an impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss are also recognised in profit or loss. Therefore, for an equity instrument for which a prior impairment loss has been recognised, ‘significant’ should be evaluated against the original cost at initial recognition and ‘prolonged’ should be evaluated against the period in which the fair value of the investment has been below original cost at initial recognition. The IFRIC was of the view that IAS 39 is clear on these points when all of the evidence in the requirements and the implementation guidance of IAS 39 are viewed together.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0017">       <p id="IAS39_P5784">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2007, Agenda Decision, ‘IAS 39 <i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</i>—Assessing hedge effectiveness of an interest rate swap in a cash flow hedge’</p>       <p>The IFRIC was asked whether, when an entity designates an interest rate swap as a hedging instrument in a cash flow hedge, the entity is allowed to consider only the undiscounted changes in cash flows of the hedging instrument and the hedged item in assessing hedge effectiveness for hedge qualification purposes.</p>       <p>The IFRIC noted that when an interest rate swap is designated as a hedging instrument, a reason for ineffectiveness is the mismatch of the timing of interest payments or receipts of the swap and the hedged item. To take into account the timing of cash flows from interest payments or receipts in assessing hedge effectiveness, entities need also to take into account the time value of money.</p>       <p>IAS 39 states that ineffectiveness arises when the principal terms of the hedged item do not match perfectly with those of the hedging instrument (see paragraph AG108 of IAS 39). The IFRIC observed that a consequence of a comparison between changes in undiscounted cash flows of an interest rate swap and changes in undiscounted cash flows of the hedged item for assessing hedge effectiveness is that only a portion of the movements in fair value of the swap is taken into account. The IFRIC noted that such a method for assessing hedge effectiveness would not meet the requirements in IAS 39. IAS 39 paragraph 74 does not allow the bifurcation of the fair value of a derivative hedging instrument for hedge designation purposes, unless the derivative hedging instrument is an option or a forward contract. The only exceptions permitted in IAS 39 paragraph 74 are separating the intrinsic value and time value of an option and separating the interest element and the spot price of a forward contract.</p>       <p>In the light of the above requirements in IFRSs, the IFRIC did not expect significant diversity in practice in the application of those requirements. The IFRIC therefore decided not to add the issue to the agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0018">       <p id="IAS39_P5785">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, July 2007, Agenda Decision, ‘IAS 39 <i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</i>—Hedging multiple risks with a single derivative hedging instrument’</p>       <p>The IFRIC was asked to provide guidance on how an entity should apply the requirements of paragraph 76(b) of IAS 39 to demonstrate hedge effectiveness when it designates a single derivative hedging instrument as a hedge of more than one type of risk.</p>       <p>The answer to Question F.1.13 of the Guidance on Implementing IAS 39 requires an entity to assess the hedge effectiveness of each different risk position separately. In order to satisfy this requirement, IG F.1.13 imputed equal and opposite functional currency legs, which did not exist in the contractual terms of the derivative hedging instrument, as a basis to split the fair value of the derivative hedging instrument into multiple components. In addition, IG F.1.12 permits an entity to designate a derivative simultaneously as a hedging instrument in both a cash flow hedge and a fair value hedge. The submission asked whether the approach set out in IG F.1.13 can be extended to other circumstances.</p>       <p>The IFRIC noted that, although IG F.1.12 and IG F.1.13 allow an entity to impute a notional leg as a means of splitting the fair value of a derivative hedging instrument into multiple components for assessing hedge effectiveness, the split should not result in the recognition of cash flows that do not exist in the contractual terms of a financial instrument (see Question C.1 of the guidance on implementing IAS 39).</p>       <p> In addition, the IFRIC noted that IAS 39 requires an entity to document, at the inception of the hedge, how it will assess hedge effectiveness. IAS 39 requires the entity to apply the chosen method consistently over the life of the hedging relationship.</p>       <p>The IFRIC noted that the issue concerned how to assess hedge effectiveness. Therefore, the IFRIC decided not to add the issue to the agenda because any guidance developed would be more in the nature of application guidance than an interpretation.]</p>       </fn>              <fn base="IAS39_76" id="IAS39_FN0019">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS39_P5786">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, September 2007, Agenda Decision, ‘IAS 39 <i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</i>—Hedging future cash flows with purchased options’</p>       <p>The IFRIC received requests relating to a situation in which an entity designates an option, in its entirety, as a hedging instrument to hedge a one‑sided variability in future cash flows in a cash flow hedge. All changes in the fair value of the option (including changes in the time value component) are considered in assessing and measuring hedge effectiveness.</p>       <p>The requests suggested the following approach to assessing and measuring hedge effectiveness. An entity could compare all changes in the fair value of the purchased option with changes in the fair value of a hypothetical written option that has the same maturity date and notional amount as the hedged item. The requests noted that such an approach would minimise or eliminate hedge ineffectiveness when the terms of the purchased option and the hypothetical written option perfectly matched. The IFRIC was asked whether IAS 39 allows such an approach.</p>       <p>The IFRIC noted that some respondents to its tentative agenda decision believed that the issue was complex and that there was diversity in practice regarding whether the approach suggested or other similar approaches are allowed under IAS 39.</p>       <p>However, the IFRIC decided not to take the issue on to its agenda because the Board had recently decided to propose an amendment to IAS 39 to clarify what risks and cash flows can be designated as hedged risks and hedged portions of risks for hedge accounting purposes. The IFRIC noted that the Board’s project would specifically address the issue discussed in this agenda decision.]</p>       </fn>              <fn base="IAS39_77" id="IAS39_FN0020">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS39_P5787">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, July 2009, Agenda Decision, ‘IAS 39 <i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</i>—Hedging using more than one derivative as the hedging instrument’</p>       <p>The IFRIC received a request for guidance on how to apply the guidance in Q&amp;A F.2.1 in the guidance on implementing IAS 39 <i>whether a derivative can be designated as a hedged item</i> when an entity issues fixed interest rate foreign currency debt and then swaps it into floating interest rate local currency debt using a cross currency interest rate swap. The entity also enters into a local currency pay‑fixed, receive‑variable interest rate swap, which has a shorter duration than that of the cross‑currency interest rate swap. The submission asked whether the guidance in Q&amp;A F.2.1 prevents cash flows attributable to a derivative from being designated as the hedged cash flow in a hedge relationship.</p>       <p>The IFRIC noted that paragraph 77 of IAS 39 states that two or more derivatives may be viewed in combination <i>and jointly designated</i> as <i>the hedging instrument</i>, including when the risk(s) arising from some derivatives offset(s) those arising from others (emphasis added). Consequently, the IFRIC noted that although IAS 39 permits a combination of derivatives to be jointly designated as the hedging instrument in a hedging relationship, it does not allow a ‘synthetic hedged item’ created by combining one derivative with a non‑derivative financial instrument to be designated as the hedged item in a hedging relationship with another derivative.</p>       <p>Given the requirements in IAS 39, the IFRIC concluded that any guidance it could provide would be in the nature of implementation guidance rather than an interpretation. Therefore, the IFRIC decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>              <fn base="IAS39_82" id="IAS39_FN0021">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS39_P5788">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, October 2004, Agenda Decision, ‘Commodity price risk hedging’</p>       <p>The IFRIC considered whether under IAS 39 a non‑financial item can be separated into price risk components, with the component that relates to an efficient, liquid and regulated commodity exchange being designated as the hedged item (rather than the price risk of the entire non‑financial item).</p>       <p>The IFRIC agreed that IAS 39 paragraphs 82 and AG100 provide clear guidance on the matter. The IFRIC also noted that to allow separation of a non‑financial asset into price risk components with the separate components being designated as the hedged item would require an amendment to IAS 39 rather than an Interpretation.]</p>       </fn>              <fn base="IAS39_88" id="IAS39_FN0022">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS39_P5789">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, November 2006, Agenda Decision, ‘IAS 39 <i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</i>—Testing of hedge effectiveness on a cumulative basis’</p>       <p>The IFRIC was asked to consider a situation in which an entity uses regression analysis to assess both retrospective and prospective effectiveness. In measuring hedge effectiveness at the initial stage of the hedging relationship, the entity finds that the actual dollar‑to‑dollar comparison of the changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item that are attributable to the hedged risk and the changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedging instrument was outside a range of 80–125 per cent. The issue was whether such a result meant that the entity failed to qualify for hedge accounting in accordance with IAS 39.</p>       <p>The IFRIC noted that IAS 39 distinguishes the requirement to perform periodic hedge effectiveness tests from the requirement to measure and recognise hedge effectiveness and ineffectiveness. The IFRIC noted that measurement of hedge effectiveness and ineffectiveness requires the comparison of the actual gains or losses on the hedging items and those on the hedged instruments.</p>       <p>However, the IFRIC observed that IAS 39 does not specify a single method for assessing retrospective and prospective hedge effectiveness. Paragraph 88 of IAS 39 requires an entity to document the method for assessing hedge effectiveness at inception of the hedging relationship and apply the same method consistently over the life of the hedging relationship. The entity should use the documented method to perform the tests. The IFRIC believed that the fact that the dollar‑to‑dollar comparison of the changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged items and the changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedging instrument falls outside a range of 80–125 per cent does not necessarily result in the entity failing to qualify for hedge accounting, provided that the dollar‑to‑dollar comparison is not the method documented at inception of the hedge for assessing hedge effectiveness. The IFRIC also noted that, regardless of how hedge effectiveness is assessed, IAS 39 requires any hedge ineffectiveness to be recognised in profit or loss.</p>       <p>The IFRIC noted that specifying how to apply a particular method for assessing hedge effectiveness would require development of application guidance (rather than an Interpretation). The IFRIC therefore decided not to add the issue to the agenda.]</p>       </fn>              <fn base="IAS39_88" id="IAS39_FN0023">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS39_P5790">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, October 2004, Agenda Decision, ‘Single instrument designated as a hedge of more than one type of risk’</p>       <p>The IFRIC considered whether, when a single hedging instrument is designated as a hedge of more than one type of risk, the effectiveness test can be carried out for the total hedged position, which incorporates all risks identified, if these risks are inextricably linked in the hedging instrument.</p>       <p>The IFRIC agreed that IAS 39 was clear on the matter. The Standard does not require separate effectiveness testing when a single hedging instrument is designated as a hedge of more than one type of risk. The IFRIC also noted that the issue is neither widespread nor pervasive at present.]</p>       </fn>    <fn base="IAS39_88(c)" id="EDUFN-ad2019-march-ap10_IFRS09andIAS39">            <p>The Committee received a request about the requirement in IFRS 9 and IAS 39 that a forecast transaction must be ‘highly probable’ to qualify as a hedged item in a cash flow hedge relationship. The request asked how an entity applies that requirement when the notional amount of the derivative designated as a hedging instrument (load following swap) varies depending on the outcome of the hedged item (forecast energy sales).</p>     <p>The responses to outreach performed on the request and those received in comment letters confirmed that the financial instrument described in the request is not common. The comment letters also confirmed the views expressed by some Committee members that the request relates to the broader matter of how uncertainty over the timing and magnitude of a forecast transaction affects the highly probable assessment applying IFRS 9 and IAS 39. </p>     <p>The Committee observed that, in a cash flow hedge, a forecast transaction can be a hedged item if, and only if, it is highly probable (paragraphs 6.3.1 and 6.3.3 of IFRS 9 and paragraphs 86(b) and 88(c) of IAS 39). When assessing whether a forecast transaction (in the request, the forecast energy sales) is highly probable, an entity considers uncertainty over both the timing and magnitude of the forecast transaction (paragraphs F.3.7 and F.3.11 of the Implementation Guidance accompanying IAS 39).</p>     <p>The Committee also observed that, for hedge accounting purposes, the entity must document the forecast energy sales with sufficient specificity in terms of timing and magnitude so that when such transactions occur the entity can identify whether the transaction is the hedged transaction. Consequently, the forecast energy sales cannot be specified solely as a percentage of sales during a period because that would lack the required specificity (paragraphs F.3.10 and F.3.11 of the Implementation Guidance accompanying IAS 39).</p>     <p>In addition, the Committee observed that the terms of the hedging instrument (in the request, the load following swap) do not affect the highly probable assessment because the highly probable requirement is applicable to the hedged item.</p>     <p>The Committee noted that the highly probable requirement in IFRS 9 is not new; IAS 39 includes the same requirement. The Board decided not to carry forward any of the hedge accounting related Implementation Guidance that accompanied IAS 39; nonetheless paragraph BC6.95 of IFRS 9 explains that not carrying forward the Implementation Guidance did not mean that the Board had rejected that guidance.</p>     <p>The Committee concluded that the requirements in IFRS 9 and IAS 39 provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine whether a forecast transaction is highly probable. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p></fn>              <fn base="IAS39_88" id="IAS39_FN0024">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS39_P5791">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, June 2005, Agenda Decision, ‘IAS 39 Hedge effectiveness tests—vacillations in effectiveness/timing of tests’</p>       <p>The IFRIC considered whether under IAS 39 an entity that designates a hedging instrument in a hedge that fails the retrospective effectiveness test can subsequently redesignate the hedging instrument in a hedge of the same financial asset or liability and obtain hedge accounting for a subsequent period in which the hedge is effective.</p>       <p>The IFRIC noted that the Standard did not preclude redesignation of the hedging instrument in a hedge of the same financial asset or liability in a subsequent period provided the hedge meets the hedge accounting requirements in IAS 39. It concluded that, although having practical relevance, the issue did not involve significantly divergent interpretations. Accordingly, the IFRIC decided not to add the topic to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>              <fn id="IAS39_FN0025">       <p id="IAS39_P5792">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, November 2006, Agenda Decision, ‘IAS 39 <i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</i>—Testing of hedge effectiveness on a cumulative basis’</p>       <p>The IFRIC was asked to consider a situation in which an entity uses regression analysis to assess both retrospective and prospective effectiveness. In measuring hedge effectiveness at the initial stage of the hedging relationship, the entity finds that the actual dollar‑to‑dollar comparison of the changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item that are attributable to the hedged risk and the changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedging instrument was outside a range of 80–125 per cent. The issue was whether such a result meant that the entity failed to qualify for hedge accounting in accordance with IAS 39.</p>       <p>The IFRIC noted that IAS 39 distinguishes the requirement to perform periodic hedge effectiveness tests from the requirement to measure and recognise hedge effectiveness and ineffectiveness. The IFRIC noted that measurement of hedge effectiveness and ineffectiveness requires the comparison of the actual gains or losses on the hedging items and those on the hedged instruments.</p>       <p>However, the IFRIC observed that IAS 39 does not specify a single method for assessing retrospective and prospective hedge effectiveness. Paragraph 88 of IAS 39 requires an entity to document the method for assessing hedge effectiveness at inception of the hedging relationship and apply the same method consistently over the life of the hedging relationship. The entity should use the documented method to perform the tests. The IFRIC believed that the fact that the dollar‑to‑dollar comparison of the changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged items and the changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedging instrument falls outside a range of 80–125 per cent does not necessarily result in the entity failing to qualify for hedge accounting, provided that the dollar‑to‑dollar comparison is not the method documented at inception of the hedge for assessing hedge effectiveness. The IFRIC also noted that, regardless of how hedge effectiveness is assessed, IAS 39 requires any hedge ineffectiveness to be recognised in profit or loss.</p>       <p>The IFRIC noted that specifying how to apply a particular method for assessing hedge effectiveness would require development of application guidance (rather than an Interpretation). The IFRIC therefore decided not to add the issue to the agenda.]</p>       </fn>              <fn id="IAS39_FN0026">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS39_P5793">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, October 2004, Agenda Decision, ‘Single instrument designated as a hedge of more than one type of risk’</p>       <p>The IFRIC considered whether, when a single hedging instrument is designated as a hedge of more than one type of risk, the effectiveness test can be carried out for the total hedged position, which incorporates all risks identified, if these risks are inextricably linked in the hedging instrument.</p>       <p>The IFRIC agreed that IAS 39 was clear on the matter. The Standard does not require separate effectiveness testing when a single hedging instrument is designated as a hedge of more than one type of risk. The IFRIC also noted that the issue is neither widespread nor pervasive at present.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS39_88" id="IAS39_FN0027">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS39_P5794">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, June 2005, Agenda Decision, ‘IAS 39 Hedge effectiveness tests—vacillations in effectiveness/timing of tests’</p>       <p>The IFRIC considered whether under IAS 39 an entity that designates a hedging instrument in a hedge that fails the retrospective effectiveness test can subsequently redesignate the hedging instrument in a hedge of the same financial asset or liability and obtain hedge accounting for a subsequent period in which the hedge is effective.</p>       <p>The IFRIC noted that the Standard did not preclude redesignation of the hedging instrument in a hedge of the same financial asset or liability in a subsequent period provided the hedge meets the hedge accounting requirements in IAS 39. It concluded that, although having practical relevance, the issue did not involve significantly divergent interpretations. Accordingly, the IFRIC decided not to add the topic to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0030">       <p id="IAS39_P5797">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—May 2009: <i>Participation rights and calculation of the effective interest rate</i> </p>       <p>The IFRIC was asked for guidance on how an issuer should account for a financial liability that contains participation rights by which the instrument holder shares in the net income and losses of the issuer. The holder receives a percentage of the issuer’s net income and is allocated a proportional share of the issuer’s losses. Losses are applied to the nominal value of the instrument to be repaid on maturity. Losses allocated to the holder in one period can be offset by profits in subsequent periods. The IFRIC considered the issue without reconsidering the assumptions described in the request, namely that the financial liability: (i) does not contain any embedded derivatives (ii) is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, and (iii) does not meet the definition of a floating rate instrument. The IFRIC noted that paragraphs AG6 and AG8 of IAS 39 provide the relevant application guidance for measuring financial liabilities at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. The IFRIC also noted that it is inappropriate to analogise to the derecognition guidance in IAS 39 because the liability has not been extinguished. Because specific application guidance already exists, the IFRIC decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0031">       <p id="IAS39_P5798">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—November 2012: <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 39</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement—Scope of paragraph AG5</ph></ph> </p>       <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request for guidance on several accounting issues that resulted from the restructuring of Greek government bonds (GGBs) in 2012. At its September 2012 meeting, the Interpretations Committee concluded that the GGBs surrendered in March 2012 should be derecognised, which means the new GGBs received as part of the debt restructuring are recognised as new assets. At the July 2012 and November 2012 meetings, the Interpretations Committee addressed the particular request to consider whether paragraph AG5 of IAS 39 could apply when determining the effective interest rate on initial recognition of those new GGBs. Applying paragraph AG5 of IAS 39 means that the effective interest rate would be determined at initial recognition using estimated cash flows that take into account incurred credit losses. The Interpretations Committee noted that paragraph AG5 of IAS 39 applies to acquired assets, which includes both purchased and originated assets. The Interpretations Committee also noted that even though an origination of a debt instrument with an incurred loss is rather unusual, there are situations in which such transactions occur. For example, within the context of significant financial difficulty of an obligor, transactions can arise that involve originations of debt instruments that are outside the normal underwriting process but are instead forced upon already existing lenders by a restructuring process. This could include situations in which modifications of debt instruments result in derecognition of the original financial asset and the recognition of a new financial asset under IFRSs. In circumstances such as these, new financial assets could be recognised that have incurred losses on initial recognition. The Interpretations Committee noted that whether an incurred loss exists on initial recognition of an asset is a factual matter and that the assessment requires judgement. The Interpretations Committee also noted that the circumstances leading to the recognition of an asset with an incurred loss on initial recognition need not be limited to those in which debt instruments are effectively forced upon existing lenders, but could also arise in other transactions. The Interpretations Committee considered that in the light of its analysis of the existing requirements of IAS 39 an interpretation was not necessary and consequently decided not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0032">       <p id="IAS39_P5799">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—July 2008: <i>Application of the effective interest rate method</i> </p>       <p>The IFRIC was asked for guidance on the application of the effective interest rate method to a financial instrument whose cash flows are linked to changes in an inflation index. The submission suggested three possible approaches. The IFRIC noted that paragraphs AG6–AG8 of IAS 39 <i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</i> provide the relevant application guidance. Judgement is required to determine whether an instrument is a floating rate instrument within the scope of paragraph AG7 or an instrument within the scope of paragraph AG8. In view of the existing application guidance in IAS 39, the IFRIC decided not to add this issue to its agenda. However, the IFRIC referred the issue to the Board with a recommendation that the Board should consider clarifying or expanding that application guidance.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0033">       <p id="IAS39_P5800">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—July 2008: <i>Application of the effective interest rate method</i> </p>       <p>The IFRIC was asked for guidance on the application of the effective interest rate method to a financial instrument whose cash flows are linked to changes in an inflation index. The submission suggested three possible approaches. The IFRIC noted that paragraphs AG6–AG8 of IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement provide the relevant application guidance. Judgement is required to determine whether an instrument is a floating rate instrument within the scope of paragraph AG7 or an instrument within the scope of paragraph AG8. In view of the existing application guidance in IAS 39, the IFRIC decided not to add this issue to its agenda. However, the IFRIC referred the issue to the Board with a recommendation that the Board should consider clarifying or expanding that application guidance.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0034">       <p id="IAS39_P5801">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—November 2007: <i>The Scope of paragraph AG33(d)(iii)</i> </p>       <p>At its meeting in September, the IFRIC had discussed a staff research paper that considered two application issues relating to IAS 39. The one issue was how to determine the environment in which a transaction takes place for the purpose of applying paragraph AG33(d)(iii). In the IFRIC’s view, the Board intended paragraph AG33(d) to apply only to embedded foreign currency derivatives that are integral to the arrangement and hence bear a close economic relationship to the host contract. However, the IFRIC did not believe that making an explicit statement to that effect would clarify the standard and eliminate the diversity in practice. The IFRIC recommended that the staff suggest how the paragraph could be amended to reflect the Board’s intentions, for the Board’s consideration. The Board included proposals to address the issue in its 2008 Annual Improvements Exposure Draft. It has not yet been redeliberated.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0063">       <p id="IAS39_P5830">[IFRIC Update—March 2014: IAS 39 <i>Financial instruments: Recognition and Measurement—accounting for term-structured repo transactions</i> </p>       <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify: (Issue 1) whether an entity (Entity A) should account for three transactions separately or aggregate and treat them as a single derivative; and (Issue 2) how to apply paragraph B.6 of Guidance on Implementing IAS 39 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph> (‘IG B.6 of IAS 39’) in addressing Issue 1. Some key features of the three transactions are as follows:  a. Transaction 1 (bond purchase): Entity A purchases a bond (the bond) from another entity (Entity B).  b. Transaction 2 (interest rate swap): Entity A enters into interest rate swap contract(s) with Entity B. Entity A pays a fixed rate of interest equal to the fixed coupon rate of the purchased bond in Transaction 1 and receives a variable rate of interest.  c. Transaction 3 (repurchase agreement): Entity A enters into a repurchase agreement with Entity B, in which Entity A sells the same bond in Transaction 1 on the same day it purchases the bond and agrees to buy back the bond at the maturity date of the bond.  The Interpretations Committee noted that in order to determine whether Entity A should aggregate and account for the three transactions above as a single derivative, reference should be made to paragraphs B.6 and C.6 of Guidance on Implementing IAS 39 and paragraph AG39 of IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>. The Interpretations Committee also discussed Issue 2, ie, how to apply paragraph IG B.6 of IAS 39 in addressing Issue 1. The Interpretations Committee noted that application of the guidance in paragraph IG B.6 of IAS 39 requires judgement. It also noted that the indicators in paragraph IG B.6 of IAS 39 may help an entity to determine the substance of the transaction, but that the presence or absence of any single specific indicator alone may not be conclusive. The Interpretations Committee noted that providing additional guidance would result in the Interpretations Committee attempting to specify the accounting for a specific transaction, and that this would not be appropriate. On the basis of the analysis above, the Interpretations Committee determined that, in the light of the existing IFRS requirements, neither an Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was necessary and consequently decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0064">       <p id="IAS39_P5831">[IFRIC Update—March 2014: IAS 39 <i>Financial instruments: Recognition and Measurement—accounting for term-structured repo transactions</i> </p>       <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify: (Issue 1) whether an entity (Entity A) should account for three transactions separately or aggregate and treat them as a single derivative; and (Issue 2) how to apply paragraph B.6 of Guidance on Implementing IAS 39 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph> (‘IG B.6 of IAS 39’) in addressing Issue 1. Some key features of the three transactions are as follows:  a. Transaction 1 (bond purchase): Entity A purchases a bond (the bond) from another entity (Entity B).  b. Transaction 2 (interest rate swap): Entity A enters into interest rate swap contract(s) with Entity B. Entity A pays a fixed rate of interest equal to the fixed coupon rate of the purchased bond in Transaction 1 and receives a variable rate of interest.  c. Transaction 3 (repurchase agreement): Entity A enters into a repurchase agreement with Entity B, in which Entity A sells the same bond in Transaction 1 on the same day it purchases the bond and agrees to buy back the bond at the maturity date of the bond.  The Interpretations Committee noted that in order to determine whether Entity A should aggregate and account for the three transactions above as a single derivative, reference should be made to paragraphs B.6 and C.6 of Guidance on Implementing IAS 39 and paragraph AG39 of IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>. The Interpretations Committee also discussed Issue 2, ie, how to apply paragraph IG B.6 of IAS 39 in addressing Issue 1. The Interpretations Committee noted that application of the guidance in paragraph IG B.6 of IAS 39 requires judgement. It also noted that the indicators in paragraph IG B.6 of IAS 39 may help an entity to determine the substance of the transaction, but that the presence or absence of any single specific indicator alone may not be conclusive. The Interpretations Committee noted that providing additional guidance would result in the Interpretations Committee attempting to specify the accounting for a specific transaction, and that this would not be appropriate. On the basis of the analysis above, the Interpretations Committee determined that, in the light of the existing IFRS requirements, neither an Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was necessary and consequently decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>