<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="SL31494" id="IAS32_BC49"><paranum>BC49</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 32"/><data name="paranum" value="BC49"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS32_P2218" outputclass="keep_with_next">The main changes from the Exposure Draft&#x2019;s proposals are as follows: </p><ol base="SL147436" id="IAS32_L0060" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL147438" id="IAS32_P2219">The Exposure Draft proposed to define a financial liability as a contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset to another entity or to exchange financial instruments with another entity under conditions that are potentially unfavourable. The definition in the Standard has been expanded to include some contracts that will or may be settled in the entity&#x2019;s own equity instruments. The Standard&#x2019;s definition of a financial asset has been similarly expanded.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL147440" id="IAS32_P2221">The Exposure Draft proposed that a financial instrument that gives the holder the right to put it back to the entity for cash or another financial asset is a financial liability. The Standard retains this conclusion, but provides additional guidance and illustrative examples to assist entities that, as a result of this requirement, either have no equity as defined in IAS 32 or whose share capital is not equity as defined in IAS 32.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="SL147442" id="IAS32_P2223">The Standard retains and clarifies the proposal in the Exposure Draft that terms and conditions of a financial instrument may indirectly create an obligation.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="SL147444" id="IAS32_P2225">The Exposure Draft proposed to incorporate in IAS 32 the conclusion previously in SIC&#x2011;5. This is that a financial instrument for which the manner of settlement depends on the occurrence or non&#x2011;occurrence of uncertain future events or on the outcome of uncertain circumstances that are beyond the control of both the issuer and the holder is a financial liability. The Standard clarifies this conclusion by requiring contingent settlement provisions that apply only in the event of liquidation of an entity or are not genuine to be ignored.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p base="SL147446" id="IAS32_P2227">The Exposure Draft proposed that a derivative contract that contains an option as to how it is settled meets the definition of an equity instrument if the entity had all of the following: (i) an unconditional right and ability to settle the contract gross; (ii) an established practice of such settlement; and (iii) the intention to settle the contract gross. These conditions have not been carried forward into the Standard. Rather, a derivative with settlement options is classified as a financial asset or a financial liability unless all the settlement alternatives would result in equity classification.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>         <p base="SL147448" id="IAS32_P2229">The Standard provides explicit guidance on accounting for the repurchase of a convertible instrument.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value>         <p base="SL147450" id="IAS32_P2231">The Standard provides explicit guidance on accounting for the amendment of the terms of a convertible instrument to induce early conversion.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(h)</li_value>         <p base="SL147452" id="IAS32_P2233">The Exposure Draft proposed that a financial instrument that is an equity instrument of a subsidiary should be eliminated on consolidation when held by the parent, or presented in the consolidated balance sheet within equity when not held by the parent (as a minority interest<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS32_FN0051" type="fn"/> separate from the equity of the parent). The Standard requires all terms and conditions agreed between members of the group and the holders of the instrument to be considered when determining if the group as a whole has an obligation that would give rise to a financial liability. To the extent there is such an obligation, the instrument (or component of the instrument that is subject to the obligation) is a financial liability in consolidated financial statements.</p>                </li><li><li_value>(i)&#x2013;(j)</li_value>         <p base="SL147454" id="IAS32_P2235">[deleted]</p>       </li><li><li_value>(k)</li_value>         <p base="SL147458" id="IAS32_P2236">In August 2005, the IASB issued <xref base="F16143965" href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" id="IAS32_X1071"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph></xref>. As a result, disclosures relating to financial instruments, if still relevant, were relocated to <xref base="F16143966" href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" id="IAS32_X1072">IFRS 7</xref>.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>