<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS32_BC21"><paranum>BC21</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 32"/><data name="paranum" value="BC21"/></prolog><body><variant id="IAS32_BC21_V2" base="SL75169392"> <p id="IAS32_P2178">In finalising the revisions to IAS 32 the Board considered, but rejected, a number of alternative approaches: </p> <ol id="IAS32_L0058" base="SL75169393" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P2179" base="SL75169395">To classify as an equity instrument any contract that will be settled in the entity&#x2019;s own shares. The Board rejected this approach because it does not deal adequately with transactions in which an entity is using its own shares as currency, eg when an entity has an obligation to pay a fixed or determinable amount that is settled in a variable number of its own shares.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P2180" base="SL75169397">To classify a contract as an equity instrument only if (i) the contract will be settled in the entity&#x2019;s own shares, and (ii) the changes in the fair value of the contract move in the same direction as the changes in the fair value of the shares from the perspective of the counterparty. Under this approach, contracts that will be settled in the entity&#x2019;s own shares would be financial assets or financial liabilities if, from the perspective of the counterparty, their value moves inversely with the price of the entity&#x2019;s own shares. An example is an entity&#x2019;s obligation to buy back its own shares. The Board rejected this approach because its adoption would represent a fundamental shift in the concept of equity. The Board also noted that it would result in a change to the classification of some transactions, compared with the existing <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph><xref keyref="footnotes/IAS32_FN0044" type="fn"/> and IAS 32, that had not been exposed for comment.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P2181" base="SL75169404">To classify as an equity instrument a contract that will be settled in the entity&#x2019;s own shares unless its value changes in response to something other than the price of the entity&#x2019;s own shares. The Board rejected this approach to avoid an exception to the principle that non&#x2011;derivative contracts that are settled in a variable number of an entity&#x2019;s own shares should be treated as financial assets or financial liabilities.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P2182" base="SL75169406">To limit classification as equity instruments to outstanding ordinary shares, and classify as financial assets or financial liabilities all contracts that involve future receipt or delivery of the entity&#x2019;s own shares. The Board rejected this approach because its adoption would represent a fundamental shift in the concept of equity. The Board also noted that it would result in a change to the classification of some transactions compared with the existing IAS 32 that had not been exposed for comment.</p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>