<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS32_BC50" base="F5588761"><paranum>BC50</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 32"/><data name="paranum" value="BC50"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS32_P2237">As discussed in <xref id="IAS32_X1073" base="F16143998" href="IAS32_BC7.dita#IAS32_BC7">paragraphs BC7 and BC8</xref>, puttable instruments meet the definition of a financial liability and the Board concluded that all such instruments should be classified as liabilities. However, constituents raised the following concerns about classifying such instruments as financial liabilities if they represent the residual claim to the net assets of the entity: </p><ol id="IAS32_L0061" base="F5588763" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P2238" base="F5588764">On an ongoing basis, the liability is recognised at not less than the amount payable on demand. This can result in the entire market capitalisation of the entity being recognised as a liability depending on the basis for which the redemption value of the financial instrument is calculated.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P2239" base="F5588766">Changes in the carrying value of the liability are recognised in profit or loss. This results in counter&#x2011;intuitive accounting (if the redemption value is linked to the performance of the entity) because:</p> <ol id="IAS32_L0062" base="F5588768" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P2240" base="F5588769">when an entity performs well, the present value of the settlement amount of the liabilities increases, and a loss is recognised.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P2241" base="F5588771">when the entity performs poorly, the present value of the settlement amount of the liability decreases, and a gain is recognised.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P2242" base="F5588773">It is possible, again depending on the basis for which the redemption value is calculated, that the entity will report negative net assets because of unrecognised intangible assets and goodwill, and because the measurement of recognised assets and liabilities may not be at fair value.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P2243" base="F5588775">The issuing entity&#x2019;s statement of financial position portrays the entity as wholly, or mostly, debt funded.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P2244" base="F5588777">Distributions of profits to shareholders are recognised as expenses. Hence, it may appear that profit or loss is a function of the distribution policy, not performance.</p></li></ol><p id="IAS32_P2245" base="F5588778">Furthermore, constituents contended that additional disclosures and adapting the format of the statement of comprehensive income and statement of financial position did not resolve these concerns.</p></body></paragraph>