<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="Edu_d5e1231"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn base="IFRIC21_3" id="IFRIC21_FN0001">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRIC21_P0102">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, January 2015, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;IFRIC&#xa0;21&#xa0;<i>Levies</i>&#x2014;levies raised on production property, plant and equipment&#x2019;&#xa0;</p>       <p>The Interpretations Committee received two submissions relating to levies raised on production property, plant and equipment (PPE).</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Paragraph&#xa0;3 of IFRIC&#xa0;21&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Levies</ph></ph>&#xa0;states that the Interpretation does not provide guidance on accounting for the costs arising from recognising a levy. The Interpretation notes that entities should apply other Standards to decide whether the recognition of an obligation for a levy gives rise to an asset or to an expense. The submitters, both service providers, asked whether the cost of a levy on productive assets is:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p id="IFRIC21_P0103">an administrative cost to be recognised as an expense as it is incurred; or</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p id="IFRIC21_P0104">a fixed production overhead to be recognised as part of the cost of the entity&#x2019;s inventory in accordance with IAS&#xa0;2&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Inventories</ph></ph>.</p>         </li></ol>       <p id="IFRIC21_P0105">The Interpretations Committee noted that when IFRIC&#xa0;21 was being developed it had discussed the accounting for costs that arise from recognising the liability for a levy. At that time it had considered whether such costs would be recognised as an expense, a prepaid expense or as an asset recognised in accordance with IAS&#xa0;2, IAS&#xa0;16&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph>&#xa0;or IAS&#xa0;38&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref">&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Intangible Assets</ph></ph>. The Interpretations Committee decided not to provide guidance on this matter; entities should apply other Standards to decide whether the recognition of a liability to pay a levy gives rise to an asset or to an expense. The Interpretations Committee also noted that IFRIC&#xa0;21 is an Interpretation of IAS&#xa0;37&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref">&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph>&#xa0;and that paragraph&#xa0;8 of IAS&#xa0;37 states that IAS&#xa0;37 does not deal with the recognition of either the asset or expense associated with a liability. It also noted that it would not be efficient to give case&#x2011;by&#x2011;case guidance based on the fact patterns of individual levies.</p>       <p>Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IFRIC21_12" id="IFRIC21_FN0002">       <p id="IFRIC21_P0106">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, March 2014, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRIC&#xa0;21</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Levies</ph></ph>&#x2014;identification of a present obligation to pay a levy that is subject to a pro rata activity threshold as well as an annual activity threshold&#x2019;</p>       <p>In May 2013, the IASB issued&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRIC&#xa0;21</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">&#xa0;Levies</ph></ph>, which is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2014, with earlier application permitted. IFRIC&#xa0;21 provides an interpretation of the requirements in&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;37</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph>&#xa0;for the recognition of liabilities for obligations to pay levies that are within the scope of IFRIC&#xa0;21.</p>       <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify how the requirements in paragraph 8 of IFRIC&#xa0;21 should be interpreted in identifying an obligating event for a levy. The Interpretations Committee discussed regimes in which an obligation to pay a levy arises as a result of activity during a period but is not payable until a minimum activity threshold, as identified by the legislation, is reached. The threshold is set as an annual threshold, but this threshold is reduced, pro rata to the number of days in the year that the entity participated in the relevant activity, if its participation in the activity started or stopped during the course of the year. The request asks for clarification on how the thresholds stated in the legislation should be taken into consideration when deciding &#x201c;the activity that triggers the payment of the levy&#x201d; in paragraph 8 of IFRIC&#xa0;21.</p>       <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that in the circumstance described above, the payment of the levy is triggered by the reaching of the annual threshold as identified by the legislation. The Interpretations Committee also noted that the entity would be subject to a threshold that is lower than the threshold that applies at the end of the annual assessment period if, and only if, the entity stops the relevant activity before the end of the annual assessment period. Accordingly, the Interpretations Committee observed that in the light of the guidance in paragraph 12 of IFRIC&#xa0;21, the obligating event for the levy is the reaching of the threshold that applies at the end of the annual assessment period. The Interpretations Committee noted that there is a distinction between a levy with an annual threshold that is reduced pro rata when a specified condition is met and a levy for which an obligating event occurs progressively over a period of time as described in paragraph 11 of IFRIC&#xa0;21; until the specified condition is met, the pro rata reduction in the threshold does not apply.</p>       <p>On the basis of the discussions above, the Interpretations Committee thought that the guidance in IFRIC&#xa0;21 and IAS&#xa0;37 is sufficient and noted that it is unlikely that significant diversity in interpretation on this issue will emerge. Accordingly, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>