<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F6130492" id="IFRIC16_BC13"><paranum>BC13</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRIC 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC13"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRIC16_P0126">The IFRIC noted the following arguments for allowing an entity to designate hedging relationships solely on the basis of differences between functional currencies:</p><ol base="F6130494" id="IFRIC16_L0012" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F6130495" id="IFRIC16_P0127">The functional currency of an entity is determined on the basis of the primary economic environment in which that entity operates (ie the environment in which it generates and expends cash). However, the presentation currency is an elective currency that can be changed at any time. To present amounts in a presentation currency is merely a numerical convention necessary for the preparation of financial statements that include a foreign operation. The presentation currency will have no economic effect on the parent entity. Indeed, a parent entity may choose to present financial statements in more than one presentation currency, but can have only one functional currency.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F6130497" id="IFRIC16_P0128"><xref base="F15826795" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001" id="IFRIC16_X0101">IAS 39</xref> requires a hedging relationship to be effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. A net investment in a foreign operation gives rise to an exposure to changes in exchange rate risk for a parent entity. An economic exchange rate risk arises only from an exposure between two or more functional currencies, not from a presentation currency.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>