<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="PS1_BC38" base="F15644533" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC38</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 1" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC38" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="PS1_P0196" class="- topic/p ">Many respondents to the exposure draft were concerned about the focus on forward‑looking information. However, the Board decided that forward‑looking information is important. Explanations of management’s perspective of the entity’s direction, targets and prospects, in addition to explanations of past events, can help users of the financial reports to develop expectations about the entity from its past performance and current state. Furthermore, the Board observed that the Practice Statement allows flexibility for management in determining to what extent management commentary includes forward‑looking information. In particular, the Board observed that the Practice Statement clearly indicates that the extent of forward‑looking information will be influenced by the regulatory and legal environment within which the entity operates. Moreover, although disclosure of forward‑looking information is encouraged in many jurisdictions, this does not necessarily mean providing forecasts or projections. The Board notes that in some jurisdictions there are safe harbour provisions to restrict liability claims or regulatory provisions, or both, for forward‑looking information. However, those safe harbour provisions require cautionary statements to be included with the forward‑looking information.</p></body></paragraph>