<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="Edu_d5e7694"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn base="IAS28_g5-9_TI" id="IAS28_FN0001">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS28_P0560">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2017, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 28</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Investments in Associates and Joint               Ventures</ph></ph>—Fund manager’s assessment of significant influence’</p>         <p>The Committee received a request to clarify whether a fund manager assesses significant           influence over a fund that it manages and in which it has an investment, and, if so, how           it makes this assessment. In the scenario described in the submission, the fund manager           applies IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> and determines that it is an agent and           thus does not control the fund. The fund manager has also concluded that it does not have           joint control of the fund. </p>         <p>The Committee observed that a fund manager assesses whether it has control, joint control           or significant influence over a fund that it manages applying the relevant IFRS Standard,           which in the case of significant influence is IAS 28.</p>         <p>The Committee noted that, unlike IFRS 10 in the assessment of control, IAS 28 does not           address decision-making authority held in the capacity of an agent in the assessment of           significant influence. When it issued IFRS 10, the Board did not change the definition of           significant influence, nor any requirements on how to assess significant influence in           IAS 28. The Committee concluded that requirements relating to decision-making authority           held in the capacity of an agent could not be developed separately from a comprehensive           review of the definition of significant influence in IAS 28.</p>         <p>In addition, the Committee observed that paragraph 7(b) of IFRS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Disclosure of Interests in               Other Entities</ph></ph> requires an entity to disclose information about significant           judgements and assumptions it has made in determining that it has significant influence           over another entity. The examples in paragraph 9 of IFRS 12 clarify that the requirement           in paragraph 7(b) of IFRS 12 applies both when an entity has determined that it has           significant influence over another entity and when it has determined that it does not.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that it would be unable to resolve the question asked efficiently           within the confines of existing IFRS Standards. Consequently, it decided not to add this           matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS28_10" id="IAS28_FN0002">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS28_P0561">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, July 2009, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               28</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Investments in Associates</ph></ph>—Potential           effect of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph> (as revised in 2008)             and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 27</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated and Separate Financial           Statements</ph></ph> (as amended in 2008) on equity method accounting’</p>         <p>The IFRIC staff noted that the FASB’s Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) had added to its           agenda EITF Issue No. 08-6 <i>Equity Method Investment Accounting Considerations</i>. EITF           08-6 addresses several issues resulting from the joint project by the IASB and FASB on           accounting for business combinations and accounting and reporting for non-controlling           interest that culminated in the issue of IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) and IAS 27 (as           amended in 2008) and SFAS 141(R) and SFAS 160.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">At its meeting in May 2009, the IFRIC deliberated two of the           issues considered in EITF 08-6:</p>         <ul><li>             <p>How the initial carrying amount of an equity method investment should be               determined</p>           </li><li>             <p>How an equity method investee’s issue of shares should be accounted for.</p>           </li></ul>         <p>The IFRIC noted that IFRSs consistently require assets not measured at fair value through           profit or loss to be measured at initial recognition at cost. Generally stated, cost           includes the purchase price and other costs directly attributable to the acquisition or           issuance of the asset such as professional fees for legal services, transfer taxes and           other transaction costs. Therefore, the cost of an investment in an associate at initial           recognition determined in accordance with paragraph 11 of IAS 28 [The equivalent           requirement is now in paragraph 10] comprises its purchase price and any directly           attributable expenditures necessary to obtain it.</p>         <p>...</p>         <p>The IFRIC concluded that the agenda criteria were not met mainly because, given the           guidance in IFRSs, it did not expect divergent interpretations in practice. Therefore, the           IFRIC decided not to add these issues to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>  <fn base="IAS28_10" id="EDUFN-ad2019-january-ap4b_IAS27">                  <p>The Committee received a request about how an entity applies the requirements in IAS 27           to a fact pattern involving an investment in a subsidiary.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">In the fact pattern described in the request, the entity           preparing separate financial statements:</p>         <ul><li>             <p>elects to account for its investments in subsidiaries at cost applying paragraph 10               of IAS 27.</p>           </li><li>             <p>holds an initial investment in another entity (investee). The investment is an               investment in an equity instrument as defined in paragraph 11 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>. The               investee is not an associate, joint venture or subsidiary of the entity and,               accordingly, the entity applies <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> in accounting for its initial investment (initial               interest).</p>           </li><li>             <p>subsequently acquires an additional interest in the investee (additional interest),               which results in the entity obtaining control of the investee––ie the investee becomes               a subsidiary of the entity.</p>           </li></ul>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The request asked:</p>         <ol outputclass="static"><li outputclass="keep_with_next"><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>whether the entity determines the cost of its investment in the subsidiary as the sum               of:</p>             <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>i.</li_value>                 <p>the fair value of the initial interest at the date of obtaining control of the                   subsidiary, plus any consideration paid for the additional interest (fair value as                   deemed cost approach); or</p>               </li><li><li_value>i.</li_value>                 <p>the consideration paid for the initial interest (original consideration), plus                   any consideration paid for the additional interest (accumulated cost approach)                   (Question A).</p>               </li></ol>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>...</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Question A</p>         <p>IAS 27 does not define ‘cost’, nor does it specify how an entity determines the cost of           an investment acquired in stages. The Committee noted that cost is defined in other IFRS           Standards (for example, paragraph 6 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Property               Plant and Equipment</ph></ph>, paragraph 8 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 38</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Intangible               Assets</ph></ph> and paragraph 5 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 40</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment               Property</ph></ph>). The Committee observed that the two approaches outlined in the           request arise from different views of whether the step acquisition transaction           involves:</p>         <ol outputclass="static"><li outputclass="keep_with_next"><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>the entity exchanging its initial interest (plus consideration paid for the               additional interest) for a controlling interest in the investee, or</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>purchasing the additional interest while retaining the initial interest.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>Based on its analysis, the Committee concluded that a reasonable reading of the           requirements in IFRS Standards could result in the application of either one of the two           approaches outlined in this agenda decision (ie fair value as deemed cost approach or           accumulated cost approach).</p>         <p>The Committee observed that an entity would apply its reading of the requirements           consistently to step acquisition transactions. An entity would also disclose the selected           approach applying paragraphs 117–124 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation               of Financial Statements</ph></ph> if that disclosure would assist users of financial           statements in understanding how step acquisition transactions are reflected in reporting           financial performance and financial position.</p>         <p>...</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">For Question A, the Committee considered whether to develop           a narrow-scope amendment to address how an entity determines the cost of an investment           acquired in stages. The Committee observed that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>it did not have evidence to assess whether the application of the two acceptable               approaches to determining cost, outlined in this agenda decision, would have a               material effect on those affected.</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>the matter could not be resolved without also considering the requirements in               paragraph 10 of IAS 28 to initially measure an investment in an associate or joint               venture at cost. The Committee did not obtain information to suggest that the Board               should reconsider this aspect of IAS 28 at this stage, rather than as part of its               wider consideration of IAS 28 within its research project on the Equity Method.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>On balance, the Committee decided not to undertake standard-setting to address Question           A.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">...</p>         <p>Consequently, the Committee decided not to add these matters to its standard-setting           agenda.</p>         <p>[The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after <xref href="../ias27/IAS27_10.dita" scope="local">paragraph 10(a) of IAS 27</xref>.]]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS28_25" id="IAS28_25_EDUFN0001">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, July 2009, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 28</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Investments in Associates</ph></ph>—Potential effect             of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph> (as revised in 2008)             and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 27</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated and Separate Financial           Statements</ph></ph> (as amended in 2008) on equity method accounting’</p>         <p>The IFRIC staff noted that the FASB’s Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) had added to its           agenda EITF Issue No. 08-6 <i>Equity Method Investment Accounting Considerations</i>. EITF           08-6 addresses several issues resulting from the joint project by the IASB and FASB on           accounting for business combinations and accounting and reporting for non-controlling           interest that culminated in the issue of IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) and IAS 27 (as           amended in 2008) and SFAS 141(R) and SFAS 160.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">At its meeting in May 2009, the IFRIC deliberated two of the           issues considered in EITF 08-6:</p>         <ul><li>             <p>How the initial carrying amount of an equity method investment should be               determined</p>           </li><li>             <p>How an equity method investee’s issue of shares should be accounted for.</p>           </li></ul>         <p>...</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that paragraph 19A of IAS 28 [The equivalent requirement is now in           paragraph 25] provides guidance on the accounting for amounts recognised in other           comprehensive income when the investor’s ownership interest is reduced, but the entity           retains significant influence. The IFRIC noted that there is no specific guidance on the           recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a reduction in the investor’s ownership           interest resulting from the issue of shares by the associate. However, the IFRIC also           noted that reclassification of amounts to profit or loss from other comprehensive income           is generally required as part of determining the gain or loss on a disposal. Paragraph 19A           of IAS 28 applies to all reductions in the investor’s ownership interest, no matter the           cause.</p>         <p>The IFRIC concluded that the agenda criteria were not met mainly because, given the           guidance in IFRSs, it did not expect divergent interpretations in practice. Therefore, the           IFRIC decided not to add these issues to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS28_g16-43_TI" id="IAS28_FN0003">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS28_P0562">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2009, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 28</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Investments in           Associates</ph></ph>—Potential effect of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business               Combinations</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 27</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph> (as amended in 2008) on           equity method accounting’</p>         <p>The IFRIC staff noted that the FASB’s Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) recently added to           its agenda, EITF Issue No. 08‑6 Equity Method Investment Accounting Considerations. EITF           08‑6 addressed several issues resulting from the recently concluded joint project by the           IASB and FASB on accounting for business combinations and accounting and reporting for           non-controlling interests that culminated in the issue of IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) and           IAS 27 (as amended in 2008) and FASB SFAS 141(R) and SFAS 160.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The IFRIC noted that IAS 28 provides explicit guidance on           two issues:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p>How an impairment assessment of an underlying indefinite-lived intangible asset of an               equity method investment should be performed</p>           </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p>How to account for a change in an investment from the equity method to the cost               method.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>Therefore, the IFRIC did not expect divergence in practice and decided not to add these           issues to its agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS32_41C" id="EDUFN_ad2009-july-ap2I_IAS39">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, July 2009, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 39</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>—Meaning of "significant or prolonged"’</p>         <p>[<xref href="IAS28_41A.dita">Paragraphs 41A–41C</xref> were added to IAS 28 as a           consequential amendment when the Board issued IFRS 9. The requirements in paragraphs           41A-41C are similar to those in paragraphs 59–61 of IAS 39.]</p>         <p>The IFRIC received a request to provide guidance on the meaning of ‘significant or           prolonged’ (as described in paragraph 61 [now <xref href="IAS28_41C.dita">paragraph 41C of IAS 28</xref>]) in recognising impairment on available-for-sale equity           instruments in accordance with IAS 39.</p>         <p>The IFRIC agreed with the submission that significant diversity exists in practice on           this issue. The IFRIC concluded that some of this diversity is the result of differing           ways the requirements of IAS 39 are being implemented, some of which were identified in           the submission. The IFRIC noted some applications in particular that are not in accordance           with the requirements of IAS 39. For example:</p>         <ul><li>             <p>The standard cannot be read to require the decline in value to be both                 significant <i>and</i> prolonged. Thus, either a significant or a prolonged decline               is sufficient to require the recognition of an impairment loss. The IFRIC noted that               in finalising the 2003 amendments to IAS 39, the Board deliberately changed the word               from ‘and’ to ‘or’. </p>           </li><li>             <p>Paragraph 67 of IAS 39 requires an entity to recognise an impairment loss on               available-for-sale equity instruments if there is objective evidence of impairment.               Paragraph 61 [now paragraph 41C of IAS 28] of IAS 39 states: ‘A significant or               prolonged decline in the fair value of an investment in an equity instrument below its                 cost <u>is</u> also objective evidence of impairment.’ [emphasis added]               Consequently, the IFRIC concluded that when such a decline exists, recognition of an               impairment loss is required. </p>           </li><li>             <p>The fact that the decline in the value of an investment is in line with the overall               level of decline in the relevant market does not mean that an entity can conclude the               investment is not impaired. </p>           </li><li>             <p>The existence of a significant or prolonged decline cannot be overcome by forecasts               of an expected recovery of market values, regardless of their expected timing. </p>           </li></ul>         <p>The IFRIC noted that the applications that are not in accordance with the requirements of           IAS 39 it discussed were examples only and were unlikely to be an exhaustive list of all           the inconsistencies with the standard that might exist in practice. </p>         <p>The IFRIC also noted that the determination of what constitutes a significant or           prolonged decline is a matter of fact that requires the application of judgement. The           IFRIC noted that this is true even though an entity may develop internal guidance to           assist it in applying that judgement consistently. The IFRIC further noted that an entity           would provide disclosure about the judgements it made in determining the existence of           objective evidence and the amounts of impairment in accordance with paragraphs 122 and 123             of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> and           paragraph 20 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS               7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:           Disclosures</ph></ph> [IFRS 7 is not applicable to interests in associates and joint           ventures accounted for in accordance with IAS 28]. </p>         <p>Although the IFRIC recognised that significant diversity exists in practice, it noted           that the Board has accelerated its project to develop a replacement for IAS 39 and expects           to issue a new standard soon. Therefore, the IFRIC decided not to add this issue to its           agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn id="IAS28_30_FN0001">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, January 2018, Agenda Decision,           ‘Contributing property, plant and equipment to an associate (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 28</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Investments in Associates and Joint           Ventures</ph></ph>)’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about how an entity           accounts for a transaction in which it contributes property, plant and equipment (PPE) to           a newly formed associate in exchange for shares in the associate.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">In the fact pattern described in the request:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>a.  </li_value>             <p>three entities, collectively referred to as investors, set up a new entity. The               investors are all controlled by the same government—ie they are under common               control.</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>the investors each contribute items of PPE to the new entity in exchange for shares               in that entity. The PPE contributed by the investors is not a business (as defined                 in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph>).</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.  </li_value>             <p>each investor has significant influence over the new entity. Accordingly, the new               entity is an associate of each of the investors. The investors do not have control or               joint control of the entity.</p>           </li><li><li_value>d.  </li_value>             <p>the transaction is carried out on terms equivalent to those that would prevail in an               orderly transaction between market participants.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The request asked:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>about the application of IFRS Standards to transactions involving entities under               common control (common control transactions)—ie whether IFRS Standards provide a               general exception or exemption from applying the requirements in a particular Standard               to common control transactions (Question A).</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>whether an investor recognises any gain or loss on contributing PPE to the associate               to the extent of other investors’ interests in the associate (Question B).</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.  </li_value>             <p>how an investor determines the gain or loss on contributing PPE to the associate and               the cost of its investment in the associate. In particular, the request asked whether               the cost of each investor’s investment in the associate is based on the fair value of               the PPE contributed or the fair value of the acquired interest in the associate               (Question C).</p>           </li></ol>         <p>In analysing the request, the Committee assumed the contribution of PPE to the associate           has commercial substance as described in paragraph 25 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph>.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><b><i>Question A</i></b></p>         <p>Paragraph 7 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting               Estimates and Errors</ph></ph> requires an entity to apply an IFRS Standard to a           transaction when that Standard applies specifically to the transaction. The Committee           observed, therefore, that unless a Standard specifically excludes common control           transactions from its scope, an entity applies the applicable requirements in the Standard           to common control transactions.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><b><i>Question B</i></b></p>         <p>Paragraph 28 of IAS 28 requires an entity to recognise gains and losses resulting from           upstream and downstream transactions with an associate only to the extent of unrelated           investors’ interests in the associate. Paragraph 28 includes as an example of a downstream           transaction the contribution of assets from an entity to its associate.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee observed that the term ‘unrelated investors’           in paragraph 28 of IAS 28 refers to investors other than the entity (including its           consolidated subsidiaries)—ie the word ‘unrelated’ does not mean the opposite of ‘related’           as it is used in the definition of a related party in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 24</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Related               Party Disclosures</ph></ph>. This is consistent with the premise that financial           statements are prepared from the perspective of the reporting entity, which in the fact           pattern described in the request is each of the investors.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Accordingly, the Committee concluded that an entity           recognises any gain or loss on contributing PPE to an associate to the extent of other           investors’ interests in the associate.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><b><i>Question C</i></b></p>         <p>This question has an effect only if the fair value of the PPE contributed differs from           the fair value of the equity interest in the associate received in exchange for that PPE.           The Committee observed that in the fact pattern described in the request, it would           generally expect the fair value of PPE contributed to be the same as the fair value of the           equity interest in the associate that an entity receives in exchange. If there is           initially any indication that the fair value of the PPE contributed might differ from the           fair value of the acquired equity interest, the investor first assesses the reasons for           this difference and reviews the procedures and assumptions it has used to determine fair           value.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee observed that applying the requirements in           IFRS Standards, an entity recognises a gain or loss on contributing PPE and a carrying           amount for the investment in the associate that reflects the determination of those           amounts based on the fair value of the PPE contributed—unless the transaction provides           objective evidence that the entity’s interest in the associate might be impaired. If this           is the case, the investor also considers the impairment requirements in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 36</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph>.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">If, having reviewed the procedures and assumptions used to           determine fair value, the fair value of the PPE is more than the fair value of the           acquired interest in the associate, this would provide objective evidence that the           entity’s interest in the associate might be impaired.</p>         <p>For all three questions, the Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in           IFRS Standards provide an adequate basis for an entity to account for the contribution of           PPE to an associate in the fact pattern described in the request. Consequently, the           Committee decided not to add this matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS18_41C" id="EDUFN_ad2005-june-listA_IAS39">         <p>[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, June 2005, Agenda Decision, ‘IAS 39 Financial Instruments:           Recognition and Measurement— Impairment of an Equity Security’</p>         <p>[Paragraphs 41A⁠–⁠41C were added to IAS 28 as a consequential amendment when the Board           issued IFRS 9. The requirements in paragraphs 41A-41C are similar to those in paragraphs           59⁠–⁠61 of IAS 39.]</p>         <p>The IFRIC considered whether to develop guidance on how to determine whether under           paragraph 61 of IAS 39 (as revised in March 2004) [now paragraph 41C of IAS 28] there has           been a ‘significant or prolonged decline’ in the fair value of an equity instrument below           its cost in the situation when an impairment loss has previously been recognised for an           investment classified as available for sale.</p>         <p>The IFRIC decided not to develop any guidance on this issue. The IFRIC noted that IAS 39           referred to original cost on initial recognition and did not regard a prior impairment as           having established a new cost basis. The IFRIC also noted that IAS 39 Implementation           Guidance E.4.9 states that further declines in value after an impairment loss is           recognised in profit or loss are also recognised in profit or loss. Therefore, for an           equity instrument for which a prior impairment loss has been recognised, ‘significant’           should be evaluated against the original cost at initial recognition and ‘prolonged’           should be evaluated against the period in which the fair value of the investment has been           below original cost at initial recognition.</p>         <p>The IFRIC was of the view that IAS 39 is clear on these points when all of the evidence           in the requirements and the implementation guidance of IAS 39 are viewed together.]</p>       </fn>       <fn id="IAS28_FN0006">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS28_P0565">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, August 2002, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 28</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Investments in Associates and Joint               Ventures</ph></ph>—Reciprocal equity interests’</p>         <p>When A owns an interest in B, and B concurrently owns an interest in A, those investments           are known as reciprocal interests (or ‘cross-holdings’). The issue is what is the           accounting for reciprocal interests when Entity A and Entity B account for their           investments in one another using the equity method as defined in IAS 28 <i>Accounting for             Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures</i>.</p>         <p>The IFRIC agreed not to require publication of an Interpretation on this issue. IAS 28           paragraph 16 [the equivalent requirement is now in paragraph 26] states, “Many of the           procedures appropriate for the application of the equity method are similar to the           consolidation procedures set out in IAS 27 <i>Consolidated Financial Statements and             Accounting for Investments in Subsidiaries</i> [now in IFRS 10 <i>Consolidated Financial             Statements</i>]”. Like the consolidation procedures applied when a subsidiary is           consolidated, the equity method requires reciprocal interests to be eliminated.</p>         <p>The IFRIC also agreed to provide examples of reciprocal interests to the Board as input           into the IAS 28 Improvements project.]</p>       </fn>       <fn id="IAS28_FN0007">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS28_P0585">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, April 2003, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 28</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Investments in Associates and Joint               Ventures</ph></ph>—Reciprocal interests’</p>         <p>This issue addressed the accounting of a parent’s (or investor’s) shares that are held by           a subsidiary (or associate).</p>         <p>The IFRIC decided to wait until the amendments to improve IAS 27 <i>Consolidated             Financial Statements and Accounting for Investments in Subsidiaries</i> are finalised           from the Business Combinations Phase II project before considering whether to take this           issue on to the agenda.]</p>       </fn>     </bodydiv></body></topic>