<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="d5e7694"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IAS28_FN0007">       <p id="IAS28_P0566">Ms Patricia McConnell (former IASB member) intended to dissent from the issue of the amendments to IFRS&#xa0;10 and IAS&#xa0;28 for the same reasons as Ms Lloyd and Mr Ochi. Her dissenting opinion is not included in these amendments, because her term as an IASB member expired on 30 June 2014.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0008">       <p id="IAS28_P0567">In October 2012 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to <xref base="F24731263" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IAS28_X0540">IFRS&#xa0;10</xref>, <xref base="F24731303" href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_TOC.dita#IFRS12_TOC0001" id="IAS28_X0541">IFRS&#xa0;12</xref> and <xref base="F24731304" href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001" id="IAS28_X0542">IAS&#xa0;27</xref>), which required investment entities, as defined in IFRS&#xa0;10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph>, to measure their investments in subsidiaries, other than those providing investment-related services or activities, at fair value through profit or loss. The amendments did not introduce any new accounting requirements for investments in associates or joint ventures.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0009">       <p id="IAS28_P0568">In October 2012 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to <xref base="F38872874" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IAS28_X0543">IFRS&#xa0;10</xref>, <xref base="F38872875" href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_TOC.dita#IFRS12_TOC0001" id="IAS28_X0544">IFRS&#xa0;12</xref> and <xref base="F38872876" href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001" id="IAS28_X0545">IAS&#xa0;27</xref>), which required investment entities, as defined in IFRS&#xa0;10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph>, to measure their investments in subsidiaries, other than those providing investment-related services or activities, at fair value through profit or loss. The amendments did not introduce any new accounting requirements for investments in associates or joint ventures.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0010">       <p id="IAS28_P0569">In December 2014, the IASB issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment Entities: Applying the Consolidation Exception</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS&#xa0;10, IFRS&#xa0;12 and IAS&#xa0;28). The amendments introduced relief to permit a non-investment entity investor in an associate or joint venture that is an investment entity to retain the fair value through profit or loss measurement applied by the associate or joint venture to its subsidiaries (see paragraphs BC46A&#x2013;BC46G).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0011">       <p id="IAS28_P0570"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;11</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, uses the term &#x2018;joint venturers&#x2019; to designate parties that have joint control of a joint venture.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0012">       <p id="IAS28_P0571">The reference is to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>, issued in 2010 and in effect when the Standard was amended.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0013">       <p id="IAS28_P0572">SIC&#x2011;13 has been withdrawn. The requirements in SIC&#x2011;13are incorporated into IAS&#xa0;28 (as amended in 2011).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0014">       <p id="IAS28_P0573">IAS&#xa0;31 was superseded by IFRS&#xa0;11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph> issued in May 2011.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0015">       <p id="IAS28_P0574"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that previously were within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0016">       <p id="IAS28_P0575"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> eliminated the category of available-for-sale financial assets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0017">       <p id="IAS28_P0576"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that previously were within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS28_FN0018">       <p id="IAS28_P0577">In this document, monetary items are denominated by &#x2018;currency units&#x2019; (CU).</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>