<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS03_BC114D" base="IFRS2020-1" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC114D</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IFRS03_BC114D" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="P0001" class="- topic/p ">The IASB replaced the reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> and added the exception to its       recognition principle in May 2020. At the same time, the IASB made two other amendments to       clarify aspects of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS           3</ph></ph> that it concluded would not be affected by replacing the reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph>:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p id="P0002" class="- topic/p ">the IASB added paragraph 23A to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 3</ph></ph> to clarify the requirements for           contingent assets—that is, possible assets whose existence is uncertain. <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 3</ph></ph> prohibits           the recognition of contingent assets acquired in a business combination. This prohibition           can be inferred from the recognition principle and is confirmed in paragraph BC276 of this           Basis for Conclusions. However, the prohibition was not stated explicitly in <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 3</ph></ph> itself,           and questions arose as to how it would be affected by replacing the reference to the           <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph>. The IASB concluded it would be unaffected—the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual             Framework</ph></ph> specifies criteria for recognising assets and liabilities, and           paragraph 5.14 says that these criteria might not be met if it is uncertain whether an           asset exists. The IASB added paragraph 23A to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 3</ph></ph> to make its requirements for           contingent assets explicit and clarify that replacing the reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> does           not change them.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p id="P0003" class="- topic/p ">the IASB deleted paragraph BC125 from this Basis for Conclusions. In applying any           IFRS Standard, an entity should apply only the recognition criteria specified in that           Standard. However, paragraph BC125 referred to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> in a way that could be read           to mean that, in applying <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 3</ph></ph>, an acquirer of a business should apply both the           recognition criteria specified in <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 3</ph></ph> and other recognition criteria discussed in the           <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph>. The IASB deleted paragraph BC125 because of its potential to cause           misunderstanding. The IASB does not usually amend the basis for its previous conclusions,           but decided that, in this instance, the importance of reducing the risk of           misunderstanding warranted the deletion.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>