<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS03_BC21E" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC21E</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC21E" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS03_BC21E_P0001" class="- topic/p ">The 2018 Amendments differ in some respects from the FASB 2017             Amendments. Before finalising the 2018 Amendments, the Board discussed those differences             with ASAF. The differences are as follows:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IFRS03_BC21E_a" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the concentration test set out in                     paragraphs B7A–B7B of IFRS 3 is optional. The corresponding test in the FASB                     2017 Amendments is mandatory. The guidance on how to identify concentration of                     fair value is substantially the same, but the Board added confirmation of the                     calculations normally needed (see paragraph B7B(b)) and an illustrative example                     (Example I).</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21E_b" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the Board concluded that an acquired                     outsourcing contract may give access to an organised workforce that performs a                     substantive process, even if the acquired set of activities and assets has no                     outputs. In some cases, that may lead to a conclusion that a business was                     acquired. In contrast, the FASB concluded that when outputs are not present, a                     business has been acquired only if the acquired set includes an organised                     workforce made up of employees.</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21E_c" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the Board clarified in paragraph B12D that                     difficulties in replacing an organised workforce may indicate that the organised                     workforce performs a process that is critical to the ability to create outputs.                     The FASB 2017 Amendments do not include this clarification.</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21E_d" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the FASB 2017 Amendments include a                     statement that the presence of more than an insignificant amount of goodwill may                     be an indicator that an acquired process is substantive. The Board did not                     include such a statement in the 2018 Amendments (see paragraph                 BC21R(d)).</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21E_e" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the Board clarified in paragraph B7(c) of                     IFRS 3 that the narrowed definition of outputs includes other income from                     ordinary activities. An example of such other income is income from contracts                     outside the scope of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 15</ph>                         <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph>. The FASB expressed a                     similar view as an observation in its Basis for Conclusions.</p></li><li id="IFRS03_B21B_f" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the Board aligned the definition of a                     business with the revised definition of outputs in paragraph B7(c) of IFRS 3.                     The FASB did not align the two definitions, but its definition of a business                     refers explicitly to supporting guidance, including guidance on                 outputs.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>