<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS03_BC422" base="F4232959" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC422</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC422" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS03_P2686" class="- topic/p ">The boards added some disclosure requirements to those in IFRS 3, SFAS 141 or both and modified or eliminated others. Those changes are described below, together with an indication of how the changes relate to each board’s previous requirements and references to related discussions in other parts of this Basis for Conclusions where pertinent.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS03_FN0069" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> </p><ol outputclass="static" base="F4232961" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS03_L0130" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="F4232962" id="IFRS03_P2687" class="- topic/p ">In response to requests from some commentators on the 2005 Exposure Draft, the boards added to both IFRS 3 and SFAS 141 disclosure of information about receivables acquired. (<xref href="IFRS03_BC258.dita#IFRS03_BC258" base="F16382844" id="IFRS03_X1535" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC258–BC260</xref>)</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="F4232964" id="IFRS03_P2689" class="- topic/p ">The boards modified both IFRS 3’s and SFAS 141’s disclosures about contingent consideration in a business combination to make them consistent with the revised standards’ requirements for contingent consideration. <xref href="IFRS03_B64.dita#IFRS03_B64" base="F16382843" id="IFRS03_X1537" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph B64(g)</xref> of the revised IFRS 3 describes the specific disclosures now required.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p base="F4232966" id="IFRS03_P2690" class="- topic/p ">The FASB added to SFAS 141 disclosure of the revenue and earnings of the acquiree, if practicable, for a minimum of the period from the acquisition date to the end of the current year. The disclosure is required only from public business entities for the current year, the current interim period and cumulative interim periods from the acquisition date to the end of the current year. IFRS 3 already required disclosure of the amount of the acquiree’s profit or loss included in the acquirer’s profit or loss for the period, unless that was impracticable; the IASB added revenues to that disclosure. (<xref href="IFRS03_gBC423-BC428.dita#IFRS03_gBC423_BC428" base="F16382947" id="IFRS03_X1538" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC423–BC428</xref>)</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>         <p base="F4232968" id="IFRS03_P2692" class="- topic/p ">The FASB modified SFAS 141’s disclosure of supplemental pro forma information about results of operations for the comparable prior period presented to focus on revenue and earnings of the combined entity for the comparable prior reporting period as though the acquisition date for all business combinations during the current year had been the beginning of the comparable prior annual reporting period. The disclosure is required only from public entities and only if practicable. The IASB decided not to add that disclosure. (<xref href="IFRS03_BC428.dita#IFRS03_BC428" base="F16382948" id="IFRS03_X1540" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph BC428</xref>)</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>         <p base="F4232970" id="IFRS03_P2693" class="- topic/p ">The FASB replaced SFAS 141’s disclosure of the period for which the results of operations of the acquiree are included in the income statement of the combined entity with disclosure of the acquisition date—a disclosure that IFRS 3 already required. SFAS 141(R) no longer permits the alternative practice of reporting revenues and expenses of the acquiree as if the acquisition occurred as of the beginning of the year (or a designated date) with a reduction to eliminate the acquiree’s pre‑acquisition period earnings. (<xref href="IFRS03_BC108.dita#IFRS03_BC108" base="F16382949" id="IFRS03_X1541" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC108–BC110</xref>)</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value>         <p base="F4232972" id="IFRS03_P2694" class="- topic/p ">The boards revised both IFRS 3’s and SFAS 141’s disclosures about contingencies, at the acquisition date and subsequently, to make them consistent with the requirement of the revised standards on assets and liabilities arising from contingencies. The IASB’s and the FASB’s disclosures on contingencies differ because the recognition requirements to which they relate differ. (<xref href="IFRS03_gBC265-BC278.dita#IFRS03_gBC265_BC278" base="F16382950" id="IFRS03_X1542" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC265–BC278</xref>)</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value>         <p base="F4232974" id="IFRS03_P2696" class="- topic/p ">The FASB added to SFAS 141 disclosure of the amount of acquisition‑related costs, which IFRS 3 already required, and the boards added to both IFRS 3 and SFAS 141 disclosure of the amount of acquisition‑related costs recognised as expense and the statement of comprehensive income line item in which that expense is reported.</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(h)</li_value>         <p base="F4232976" id="IFRS03_P2698" class="- topic/p ">The FASB eliminated SFAS 141’s requirement to disclose the amount of in‑process research and development acquired that had been measured and immediately written off to expense in accordance with FASB Interpretation 4. SFAS 141(R) no longer permits that practice. (<xref href="IFRS03_BC149.dita#IFRS03_BC149" base="F16382951" id="IFRS03_X1546" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC149–BC155</xref>)</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>         <p base="F4232978" id="IFRS03_P2699" class="- topic/p ">The boards added to both IFRS 3 and SFAS 141 disclosure of the acquisition‑date fair value or other recognised amount of the non‑controlling interest in the acquiree and the valuation techniques and key model inputs used for determining that value. An entity that prepares its financial statements in accordance with IFRSs also discloses the measurement basis selected for the non‑controlling interest.</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(j)</li_value>         <p base="F4232980" id="IFRS03_P2701" class="- topic/p ">For a business combination achieved in stages, the boards added to both IFRS 3 and SFAS 141 disclosure of the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree, the amount of gain or loss recognised in accordance with <xref href="IFRS03_42.dita" scope="local" id="IFRS03_X1548" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 42</xref> of the revised IFRS 3 and the line item in the statement of comprehensive income in which that gain or loss is recognised.</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(k)</li_value>         <p base="F4232982" id="IFRS03_P2703" class="- topic/p ">The FASB replaced SFAS 141’s disclosure of extraordinary gains recognised for ‘negative goodwill’ with disclosure of the amount of any gain recognised in the period for a bargain purchase, the line item in the statement of comprehensive income in which it is recognised and a description of the reasons why the transaction resulted in a gain (<xref href="IFRS03_gBC371-BC381.dita#IFRS03_gBC371_BC381" base="F16382952" id="IFRS03_X1550" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC371–BC381</xref>). IFRS 3 already required disclosure of that amount (although it was not called a gain on a bargain purchase).</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(l)</li_value>         <p base="F4232984" id="IFRS03_P2705" class="- topic/p ">The boards added to both IFRS 3 and SFAS 141 the disclosures described in <xref href="IFRS03_B64.dita#IFRS03_B64" base="F16383012" id="IFRS03_X1552" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B64(l)</xref> of the revised IFRS 3 about transactions that are separate from the acquisition of assets and assumption of liabilities in the exchange for the acquiree. The 2005 Exposure Draft proposed requiring disclosures about only pre‑existing relationships between the acquirer and acquiree. The boards broadened the disclosure to all separate transactions in response to comments on the exposure draft.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(m)</li_value>         <p base="F4232986" id="IFRS03_P2706" class="- topic/p ">The boards revised the disclosures in IFRS 3 and SFAS 141 about aspects of the purchase price allocation not yet completed to make them consistent with the requirements of the revised standards about the measurement period. The specific disclosures required are in <xref href="IFRS03_B67.dita#IFRS03_B67" base="F16383013" id="IFRS03_X1553" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B67(a)</xref> of the revised IFRS 3.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(n)</li_value>         <p base="F4232988" id="IFRS03_P2707" class="- topic/p ">The IASB eliminated IFRS 3’s required disclosure of the acquiree’s carrying amounts in accordance with IFRSs for each class of its assets and liabilities immediately before the combination. The IASB concluded that providing that disclosure could often involve significant costs because the acquiree might not be applying IFRSs and that those costs might exceed the benefits of the information to users.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>