<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS03_BC363" base="F4232727" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC363</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC363" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS03_P2587" class="- topic/p ">In addition, the FASB’s constituents raised questions about other aspects of the guidance on accounting for the replacement of share‑based payment awards. Those questions generally related to interpretative guidance that SFAS 123(R) superseded or nullified without providing comparable guidance—specifically, FASB Interpretation No. 44 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting for Certain Transactions involving Stock Compensation</ph></ph> and EITF Issue No. 00‑23 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Issues Related to the Accounting for Stock Compensation under APB Opinion No. 25 and FASB Interpretation No. 44</ph></ph>. <xref href="IFRS03_gB56-B62.dita#IFRS03_gB56_B62" base="F16382528" id="IFRS03_X1499" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraphs B56–B62</xref> of the revised IFRS 3 provide guidance to help in resolving those implementation questions. In developing that guidance, the FASB sought to apply the same principles to the replacement of share‑based payment awards in a business combination that are applied to share‑based payment awards in other situations. The IASB agreed with that goal, and it decided that the guidance on accounting for replacement awards of share‑based payment is consistent with the guidance in <xref href="../ifrs02/IFRS02_TOC.dita#IFRS02_TOC0001" base="F16382527" id="IFRS03_X1500" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 2</xref> on accounting for modification of share‑based payment awards.</p></body></paragraph>