<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS03_BC313" base="F4232595" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC313</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC313" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS03_P2502" class="- topic/p ">The FASB’s 1999 and 2001 Exposure Drafts listed six components of the amount that in practice, under authoritative guidance in effect at that time, had been recognised as goodwill. The IASB’s ED 3 included a similar, but not identical, discussion. The components and their descriptions, taken from the FASB’s exposure drafts, were: </p><ol id="IFRS03_L0115" base="F15653900" type="none" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "> <p id="IFRS03_P2503" base="F4232598" class="- topic/p ">Component 1—The excess of the fair values over the book values of the acquiree’s net assets at the date of acquisition.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "> <p id="IFRS03_P2504" base="F4232600" class="- topic/p ">Component 2—The fair values of other net assets that the acquiree had not previously recognised. They may not have been recognised because they failed to meet the recognition criteria (perhaps because of measurement difficulties), because of a requirement that prohibited their recognition, or because the acquiree concluded that the costs of recognising them separately were not justified by the benefits.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "> <p id="IFRS03_P2505" base="F4232602" class="- topic/p ">Component 3—The fair value of the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">going concern</i> element of the acquiree’s existing business. The going concern element represents the ability of the established business to earn a higher rate of return on an assembled collection of net assets than would be expected if those net assets had to be acquired separately. That value stems from the synergies of the net assets of the business, as well as from other benefits (such as factors related to market imperfections, including the ability to earn monopoly profits and barriers to market entry—either legal or because of transaction costs—by potential competitors).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "> <p id="IFRS03_P2506" base="F4232605" class="- topic/p ">Component 4—The fair value of the expected synergies and other benefits from combining the acquirer’s and acquiree’s net assets and businesses. Those synergies and other benefits are unique to each combination, and different combinations would produce different synergies and, hence, different values.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "> <p id="IFRS03_P2507" base="F4232607" class="- topic/p ">Component 5—Overvaluation of the consideration paid by the acquirer stemming from errors in valuing the consideration tendered. Although the purchase price in an all‑cash transaction would not be subject to measurement error, the same may not necessarily be said of a transaction involving the acquirer’s equity interests. For example, the number of ordinary shares being traded daily may be small relative to the number of shares issued in the combination. If so, imputing the current market price to all of the shares issued to effect the combination may produce a higher value than those shares would command if they were sold for cash and the cash then used to effect the combination.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "> <p id="IFRS03_P2508" base="F4232609" class="- topic/p ">Component 6—Overpayment or underpayment by the acquirer. Overpayment might occur, for example, if the price is driven up in the course of bidding for the acquiree; underpayment may occur in a distress sale (sometimes termed a fire sale).</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>