<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS03_BC21R" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC21R</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC21R" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS03_BC21R_P0001" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In finalising the 2018 Amendments, the Board also:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IFRS03_BC21R_a" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">specified in paragraph B12D(a) that an acquired contract is not a         substantive process, in order to clarify that a contract that provides a         continuing revenue stream (eg a lease contract) is not itself a process.</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21R_b" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">clarified in paragraph B12D(a) that an acquired outsourcing agreement         may give access to an organised workforce and that an entity should         assess whether an organised workforce accessed through an outsourcing         arrangement performs a substantive process that the entity controls, and         thus has acquired. The Board added this paragraph because some IFRS         Interpretations Committee members observed that IFRS 3 did not         provide guidance on whether an outsourced process should be         considered in assessing whether a set of activities and assets is a business.</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21R_c" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">clarified in paragraph B12D(b) that difficulties in replacing an acquired         organised workforce may indicate that the organised workforce         performs a process that is critical to the ability to create outputs, because         the Board expected that it would normally be more difficult to replace a         workforce that performs a critical process than to replace a workforce         that performs, for example, an ancillary process. The Board provided         this indicator because some respondents to the 2016 Exposure Draft         commented that the proposed guidance on substantive processes would         require too much judgement.</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21R_d" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">removed the presumption, proposed in the 2016 Exposure Draft, that the         presence of more than an insignificant amount of goodwill may be an         indicator that an acquired process is substantive. Responses to the 2016         Exposure Draft showed that this proposal created more confusion than         clarity. For example, some respondents were unclear whether this         proposal referred to ‘core goodwill’ that is economically present in a         business, or to the accounting measurement of goodwill that is determined in accounting for business combinations. Some respondents         wondered whether this proposal would, in effect, force entities to apply         business combination accounting to measure goodwill in order to assess         whether what was acquired was in fact a business.</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21R_e" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">deleted paragraph B10 of IFRS 3, which described factors to consider         when assessing an integrated set of activities and assets in the         development stage. The Board deleted that paragraph because the 2018         Amendments provide a more general discussion of acquired sets of         activities and assets that do not have outputs.</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21R_f" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">added illustrative examples in paragraphs IE73–IE123 to assist with the         interpretation of what is considered a business. The draft illustrative         examples in the 2016 Exposure Draft also included an example on the         acquisition of oil and gas operations. To be consistent with the FASB         2017 Amendments, the Board did not include that example in the 2018         Amendments.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>