<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e26796" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IFRS03_FN0009" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2814" class="- topic/p ">IASC's <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> was           adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework with the               Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_11_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_11_FN0001_P0001" class="- topic/p ">For this Standard, acquirers are required to apply the           definitions of an asset and a liability and supporting guidance in the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the               Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> adopted by the IASB in           2001 rather than the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph> issued in 2018.</p>         <p id="IFRS03_11_FN0001_P0002" class="- topic/p ">[Editor’s note: An extract from the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the               Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board           in 2001, is available on the IFRS 3 page of the ‘Supporting Implementation’ area of the           Foundation’s website, under ‘Supporting Implementation by IFRS Standard’.]</p>       </fn> <fn id="IFRS03_FN0021" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2826" class="- topic/p ">In paragraphs B56–B62 the term ‘share‑based payment awards’ refers to           vested or unvested share‑based payment transactions.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0022" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2827" class="- topic/p ">In these examples monetary amounts are denominated in 'currency units           (CU)'.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0023" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2828" class="- topic/p ">Melvin Simensky and Lanning Bryer, <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">The New Role of Intellectual Property in Commercial               Transactions</ph></ph> (New York: John Wiley &amp; Sons, 1998), page 293.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0024" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2829" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value           Measurement</ph></ph> (issued in May 2011) defines fair value and contains the           requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value           measurements. As a result the definition of fair value in IFRSs is identical to the           definition in US GAAP (Topic 820 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph> in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">FASB Accounting Standards               Codification®</ph></ph> codified FASB Statement No. 157).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0025" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2830" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 (issued in May 2011) defines fair value and contains the           requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value           measurements. Although the disclosures required by IFRS 13 are not required for IFRS 3,           the wording for the disclosures in IFRS 3 has been aligned with the wording in US GAAP           (Topic 805 Business Combinations in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">FASB Accounting Standards           Codification®</ph></ph> codified FASB Statement No. 141(R)).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0026" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2831" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value           Measurement</ph></ph> (issued in May 2011) defines fair value and contains the           requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value           measurements. As a result the definition of fair value in IFRSs is identical to the           definition in US GAAP (Topic 820 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph> in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">FASB Accounting Standards               Codification®</ph></ph> codified FASB Statement No. 157).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0027" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2832" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 (issued in May 2011) defines fair value and contains the           requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value           measurements. Although the disclosures required by IFRS 13 are not required for IFRS 3,           the wording for the disclosures in IFRS 3 has been aligned with the wording in US GAAP           (Topic 805 Business Combinations in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">FASB Accounting Standards           Codification®</ph></ph> codified FASB Statement No. 141(R)).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0028" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2833" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual               Improvements to IFRSs 2010–2012 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in December 2013, amended           IFRS 3, IFRS 9, IAS 37 and IAS 39 to clarify that contingent consideration in a business           combination that is classified as an asset or a liability shall be subsequently measured           at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0029" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2834" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value           Measurement</ph></ph> (issued in May 2011) defines fair value and contains the           requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value           measurements. As a result the definition of fair value in IFRSs is identical to the           definition in US GAAP (Topic 820 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph> in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">FASB Accounting Standards               Codification®</ph></ph> codified FASB Statement No. 157).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0030" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2835" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 (issued in May 2011) defines fair value and contains the           requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value           measurements. Although the disclosures required by IFRS 13 are not required for IFRS 3,           the wording for the disclosures in IFRS 3 has been aligned with the wording in US GAAP           (Topic 805 Business Combinations in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">FASB Accounting Standards           Codification®</ph></ph> codified FASB Statement No. 141(R)).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0031" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2836" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../IFRS15.ditamap" base="F33218943" id="IFRS03_X1604" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue from                 Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2014, replaced IAS 18 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue</ph></ph> and             amended <xref href="IFRS03_g56-56.dita#IFRS03_g56_56/IFRS03_g56_56_TI" base="F36556422" id="IFRS03_X1605" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 56 of IFRS 3</xref> for consistency with the requirements in           IFRS 15.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0032" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2837" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual               Improvements to IFRSs 2010–2012 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in December 2013, amended           IFRS 3, IFRS 9, IAS 37 and IAS 39 to clarify that contingent consideration in a business           combination that is classified as an asset or a liability shall be subsequently measured           at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0033" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2838" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual               Improvements to IFRSs 2010–2012 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in December 2013, amended           IFRS 3, IFRS 9, IAS 37 and IAS 39 to clarify that contingent consideration in a business           combination that is classified as an asset or a liability shall be subsequently measured           at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.</p>       </fn></bodydiv><bodydiv base="BC" class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IFRS03_BC4_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_BC4_FN0001_P0001" class="- topic/p ">[Editor's note: The table of differences between IFRS 3, as           revised in 2008, and SFAS 141 (R) has not been updated since it was issued in 2008. This           outdated table appeared in the Bound Volume up to 2018 and was removed in 2019.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_BC21Z_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_BC21Z_FN0001_P001" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS03_gBC313-BC327.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraphs             BC313–BC318</xref> describe ‘core goodwill’. Those paragraphs also note that, because           goodwill is measured as a residual, the carrying amount of goodwill includes several other           factors as well as core goodwill.</p>       </fn> <fn id="IFRS03_FN0034" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2839" class="- topic/p ">In October 2012 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10,           IFRS 12 and IAS 27), which removed from the scope of IFRS 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations </ph></ph> the acquisition by           an investment entity, as defined in IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph>, of an           investment in a subsidiary required to be measured at fair value through profit or           loss.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0035" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2840" class="- topic/p ">In this Basis for Conclusions references to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> are to             IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the               Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in           2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for               Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0036" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2841" class="- topic/p ">superseded by Chapter 1 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0037" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2842" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> in this Basis for Conclusions are to           the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for               the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the           IASB in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was developed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0038" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2843" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs11/IFRS11_TOC.dita#IFRS11_TOC0001" base="F16218278" id="IFRS03_X1606" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May           2011, replaced IAS 31.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0039" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2844" class="- topic/p ">The consolidation requirements in IAS 27 were superseded, and the           definition of control was revised, by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F16164825" id="IFRS03_X1607" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial                 Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_BC25_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">         <p class="- topic/p ">See <xref href="IFRS03_BC114D.dita#IFRS03_BC114D" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph           BC114D(b)</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0040" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2845" class="- topic/p ">Paragraphs BC11–BC17 and BC22–BC26 of the Basis for Conclusions on the           draft amendments to IAS 37, published for comment in June 2005, discuss this issue in more           detail.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0041" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2846" class="- topic/p ">now paragraph 4.41 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0042" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2847" class="- topic/p ">More detailed information about the IASB’s reasoning in developing the           criteria in <xref href="../ias38/IAS38_TOC0004.dita#IAS38_TOC0004" base="F16122420" id="IFRS03_X1608" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38 is available in its Basis for Conclusions</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0043" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2848" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced           IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0044" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2849" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced           the hedge accounting requirements in IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0045" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2850" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>, issued in May 2017, replaced IFRS 4 and amended           paragraph 17 of IFRS 3 for consistency with the requirements in IFRS 17.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0046" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2851" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 17, issued in 2017, replaced IFRS 4. The requirements for           insurance contracts acquired in a business combination are provided in IFRS 17 and are           discussed in paragraphs BC323–BC327 of the Basis for Conclusions of IFRS 17.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0047" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2852" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>,           issued in May 2011, defines fair value  and           contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0048" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2853" class="- topic/p ">Subsequently, the AIMR changed its name to the CFA Institute.           References to the organisation in this Basis for Conclusions use its name at the date it           published a particular paper.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0049" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2854" class="- topic/p ">The consolidation requirements in IAS 27 were superseded by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F16164826" id="IFRS03_X1610" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated                 Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. The requirements with           respect to transactions between owners in their capacity as owners did not change.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0050" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2855" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial           Instruments</ph></ph> relocated to IFRS 9 the requirements on the accounting for financial           guarantees and commitments to provide loans at below-market interest rates.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0051" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2856" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" base="F35623071" id="IFRS03_X1611" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>,           issued in May 2014, replaced IAS 18 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue</ph></ph> and amended <xref href="IFRS03_g56-56.dita#IFRS03_g56_56/IFRS03_g56_56_TI" base="F36247945" id="IFRS03_X1612" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 56             of IFRS 3</xref> for consistency with the requirements in IFRS 15.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0052" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2857" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0053" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2858" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, is the result of the IASB’s and the FASB’s           joint project on fair value measurement. As a result, the definition of fair value in           IFRSs is identical to the definition in US GAAP (Topic 820 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph> in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">FASB Accounting Standards               Codification</ph></ph> codified SFAS 157). </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0054" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2859" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced           IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0055" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2860" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, is the result of the IASB’s and the FASB’s           joint project on fair value measurement. As a result, the definition of fair value in           IFRSs is identical to the definition in US GAAP (Topic 820 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph> in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">FASB Accounting Standards               Codification</ph></ph> codified SFAS 157).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0056" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2861" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced           IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0057" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2862" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, describes the concept of highest and best           use  and provides examples of its application in a business           combination.          </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0058" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2863" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines fair value and describes the           effect that transaction costs  have on a fair value measurement.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0059" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2864" class="- topic/p ">now paragraph 4.8 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0060" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2865" class="- topic/p ">AICPA Special Committee on Financial Reporting, <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Improving Business               Reporting—A Customer Focus</ph></ph> (New York: AICPA, 1994).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0061" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2866" class="- topic/p ">EVA was developed by the consulting firm of Stern Stewart &amp; Company           (and is a registered trademark of Stern Stewart) as a financial performance measure that           improves management’s ability to make decisions that enhance shareholder value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0062" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2867" class="- topic/p ">Refer to, for example, Eli Amir, Trevor S Harris and Elizabeth K           Venuti, ‘A Comparison of the Value‑Relevance of U.S. versus Non‑U.S. GAAP Accounting           Measures Using Form 20‑F Reconciliations’, <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Journal of Accounting Research</ph></ph>, Supplement           (1993): 230–264; Mary Barth and Greg Clinch, ‘International Accounting Differences and           Their Relation to Share Prices: Evidence from U.K., Australian and Canadian Firms’, <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Contemporary Accounting               Research</ph></ph> (spring 1996): 135–170; Keith W Chauvin and Mark Hirschey,           ‘Goodwill, Profitability, and the Market Value of the Firm’, <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Journal of Accounting and               Public Policy</ph></ph> (summer 1994): 159–180; Ross Jennings, John Robinson, Robert B           Thompson and Linda Duvall, ‘The Relation between Accounting Goodwill Numbers and Equity             Values’, <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Journal of               Business Finance and Accounting</ph></ph> (June 1996): 513–533; and Mark G McCarthy           and Douglas K Schneider, ‘Market Perception of Goodwill: Some Empirical Evidence’, <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting and Business               Research</ph></ph> (winter 1995): 69–81.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0063" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2868" class="- topic/p ">The combination of IFRS 3 and IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, provides           guidance for measuring the fair value of an acquirer’s interest in the acquiree (including           mutual entities).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0064" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2869" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced           IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0065" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2870" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced           IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0066" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2871" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced           IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0067" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2872" class="- topic/p ">In October 2012 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10,           IFRS 12 and IAS 27), which required investment entities, as defined in IFRS 10, to measure           their investments in subsidiaries, other than those providing investment-related services           or activities, at fair value through profit or loss.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0068" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2873" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial           Instruments</ph></ph> eliminated the category of available-for-sale financial assets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0069" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2874" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, requires disclosures about fair value           measurements after initial recognition.  Although the disclosures           required by IFRS 13 are not required for IFRS 3, the wording has been aligned.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0070" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2875" class="- topic/p ">The consolidation requirements in IAS 27 were superseded by <xref href="../ias10/IAS10_TOC0001.dita#IAS10_TOC0001" base="F16383124" id="IFRS03_X1618" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated                 Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. The requirements for the           subsequent accounting for an acquiree in consolidated financial statements were not           changed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0071" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2876" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced           IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0072" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2877" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual               Improvements to IFRSs 2010–2012 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in December 2013, amended           IFRS 3, IFRS 9, IAS 37 and IAS 39 to clarify that contingent consideration in a business           combination that is classified as an asset or a liability shall be subsequently measured           at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0073" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2878" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced           IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0074" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IFRS03_P2879" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual               Improvements to IFRSs 2010–2012 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in December 2013, amended           IFRS 3, IFRS 9, IAS 37 and IAS 39 to clarify that contingent consideration in a business           combination that is classified as an asset or a liability shall be subsequently measured           at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>