<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS03_BC21Z" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC21Z</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC21Z" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS03_BC21Z_P0001" class="- topic/p ">In theory, the concentration test might sometimes identify a transaction as an       asset acquisition when the detailed assessment would identify it as a business       combination. That outcome would be a false positive. The Board designed the       concentration test to minimise the risk that a false positive could deprive users       of financial statements of useful information. A false positive has two       consequences:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IFRS03_BC21Z_a" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the entity fails to recognise ‘core           goodwill’ that is economically present in a business combination but is not present in an           asset acquisition.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS03_BC21Z_FN0001" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> Nevertheless, if substantially all of the fair value of the gross           assets acquired (including core goodwill) is concentrated in a single identifiable asset           (or a group of similar identifiable assets), the fair value of the core goodwill cannot be           a substantial part of the total fair value of the gross assets acquired. Thus, information           about the value of that core goodwill is unlikely to be material. Moreover, if the fair           value of the processes acquired is not significant, the detailed assessment required by             <xref href="IFRS03_gB8-B11.dita" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs B8–B12D</xref> would be unlikely           to conclude that the processes are substantive.</p></li><li id="IFRS03_BC21Z_b" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">there are some other differences between the accounting required for a         business combination and the accounting required for an asset         acquisition, including differences relating to deferred tax, contingent         consideration, acquisition-related costs, and gains on bargain purchases.         Those differences in accounting requirements are not driven by         differences between the economics of a business combination and the         economics of an asset acquisition. Therefore, the Board did not expect a         false positive to result in a loss of information about the economics of a         business combination.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>