<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS03_BC_background" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title "/><body class="- topic/body "><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL4232020" frame="all" id="IFRS03_TAB0027" orient="port" pgwide="1" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="0" colwidth="10*" rowsep="0" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="justify" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F4231541" id="IFRS03_P2068" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background information</b></p>               <p base="F4231542" id="IFRS03_P2069" class="- topic/p ">In 2001 the International Accounting Standards                 Board began a project to review IAS 22 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph> (revised in 1998)                 as part of its initial agenda, with the objective of improving the quality of, and                 seeking international convergence on, the accounting for business combinations. The                 Board decided to address the accounting for business combinations in two phases.</p>               <p base="F4231545" id="IFRS03_P2070" class="- topic/p ">As part of the first phase, the Board published                 in December 2002 ED 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph>, together with an                 exposure draft of proposed related amendments to IAS 36 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 38</ph>                   <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Intangible Assets</ph></ph>, with a comment                 deadline of 4 April 2003. The Board received 136 comment letters.</p>               <p base="F4231549" id="IFRS03_P2071" class="- topic/p ">The Board concluded the first phase in March 2004                 by issuing simultaneously IFRS 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph> and revised                 versions of IAS 36 and <xref href="../ias38/IAS38_TOC0001.dita#IAS38_TOC0001" base="F16122072" id="IFRS03_X1228" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38</xref>. The Board’s                 primary conclusion in the first phase was that virtually all business combinations                 are acquisitions. Accordingly, the Board decided to require the use of one method of                 accounting for business combinations—the acquisition method.</p>               <p base="F4231551" id="IFRS03_P2072" class="- topic/p ">The US Financial Accounting Standards Board                 (FASB) also conducted a project on business combinations in multiple phases. The                 FASB concluded its first phase in June 2001 by issuing FASB Statements No. 141 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph> (SFAS 141) and                 No. 142 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets</ph></ph>.                 The scope of that first phase was similar to IFRS 3 and the FASB reached similar                 conclusions on the major issues.</p>               <p base="F4231554" id="IFRS03_P2073" class="- topic/p ">The two boards began deliberating the second                 phase of their projects at about the same time. They decided that a significant                 improvement could be made to financial reporting if they had similar standards for                 accounting for business combinations. They therefore agreed to conduct the second                 phase of the project as a joint effort with the objective of reaching the same                 conclusions.</p>               <p base="F4231555" id="IFRS03_P2074" class="- topic/p ">The second phase of the project addressed the                 guidance for applying the acquisition method. In June 2005 the boards published an                 exposure draft of revisions to IFRS 3 and SFAS 141, together with exposure drafts of                 related amendments to IAS 27 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated and Separate Financial                     Statements</ph></ph> and Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph>, with                 a comment deadline of 28 October 2005. The boards received more than 280 comment                 letters.</p>               <p base="F4231558" id="IFRS03_P2075" class="- topic/p ">The boards concluded the second phase of the                 project by issuing their revised standards, <xref href="IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001" base="F16122073" id="IFRS03_X1229" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph></xref> (as                 revised in 2008) and FASB Statement No. 141 (revised 2007) <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph> and the related                 amendments to IAS 27 and FASB Statement No. 160 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated                     Financial Statements</ph></ph>.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></topic>