<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS03_BC437" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC437</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC437" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant base="F19767952" id="IFRS03_BC437_V3" principles="no" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant "> <p id="IFRS03_P2759" class="- topic/p ">The revised IFRS 3 builds on the core principles established by IFRS 3. However, the IASB sought to improve the understandability, relevance, reliability and comparability of information provided to users of financial statements as follows:</p> <ol outputclass="static" base="F19767953" id="IFRS03_L0134" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="F19767955" id="IFRS03_P2760" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Scope</b></p> <p base="F19767957" id="IFRS03_P2761" class="- topic/p ">The revised IFRS 3 has a broader scope than IFRS 3. Those entities that will now be required to apply the acquisition method might incur additional costs to obtain valuations and account for intangible assets and goodwill after the acquisition date. However, the IASB observes that much of the information required to account for a business combination by applying the acquisition method is already prepared by those entities that are currently applying the pooling of interests method. There might be additional costs associated with presenting this information within the financial statements, such as audit costs, but much of the information will already be available to management. The IASB concluded therefore that the benefits of improved comparability and faithful representation outweigh the costs that those entities will incur.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="F19767959" id="IFRS03_P2762" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Non‑controlling interest</b></p> <p base="F19767961" id="IFRS03_P2763" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS03_19.dita#IFRS03_19" base="F19767962" id="IFRS03_X1586" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 19</xref> of the revised IFRS 3 provides preparers of financial statements with a choice for each business combination to measure initially a non‑controlling interest either at fair value or as the non‑controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. <xref href="IFRS03_BC209.dita#IFRS03_BC209" base="F19767963" id="IFRS03_X1587" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraphs BC209–BC221</xref> discuss the benefits and costs associated with granting a choice on how non‑controlling interests should be measured.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p base="F19767965" id="IFRS03_P2764" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Contingent consideration</b></p> <p base="F19767967" id="IFRS03_P2765" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS03_g58-58.dita#IFRS03_g58_58" base="F19767968" id="IFRS03_X1588" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 58</xref> of the revised IFRS 3 requires contingent consideration that is classified as a liability and is within the scope of <xref href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001" base="F19767969" id="IFRS03_X1589" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 39</xref><xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS03_FN0073" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> to be remeasured to fair value (or for those within the scope of <xref href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" base="F19767971" id="IFRS03_X1590" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 37</xref> or another IFRS, to be accounted for in accordance with that IFRS)<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS03_FN0074" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> and that contingent consideration classified as equity is not remeasured. The IASB understands that remeasuring the fair value of contingent consideration after the acquisition date results in additional costs to preparers. Preparers will need to measure the fair value of these arrangements or will need to obtain external valuations at the end of each reporting period. However, users have stated that the information they receive under IFRS 3 is too late to be useful. The IASB concluded therefore that the benefits of relevance and representational faithfulness and the increased information that would be provided to users outweigh the costs.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p base="F19767973" id="IFRS03_P2766" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Acquisition‑related costs</b></p> <p base="F19767975" id="IFRS03_P2767" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS03_g53-53.dita#IFRS03_g53_53" base="F19767976" id="IFRS03_X1591" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 53</xref> of the revised IFRS 3 requires the costs the acquirer incurs in connection with a business combination to be accounted for separately from the business combination. The IASB concluded that this treatment would improve the understandability of the information provided to users of financial statements. The IASB observed that the new requirement does not create significant additional costs for preparers of financial statements because paragraph 67(d) of IFRS 3 already required disclosure of acquisition‑related costs.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>   <p base="F19767978" id="IFRS03_P2768" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Business combinations achieved in stages</b></p><p class="- topic/p ">The revised IFRS 3 establishes the acquisition date as the single measurement date for all assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any non‑controlling interest in the acquiree.</p> <p base="F19767980" id="IFRS03_P2769" class="- topic/p ">In a business combination achieved in stages, the acquirer also remeasures its previously held equity interest in the acquiree at its acquisition‑date fair value and recognises the resulting gain or loss, if any, in profit or loss. In contrast, IFRS 3 required that for a business combination achieved in stages each exchange transaction should be treated separately by the acquirer, using the cost of the transaction and fair value information at the date of each exchange transaction, to determine the amount of any goodwill associated with that transaction. Therefore, the previous treatment required a comparison of the cost of the individual investments with the acquirer’s interest in the fair values of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities at each step. The IASB concluded that the revised treatment of business combinations achieved in stages would improve understandability and relevance of the information provided as well as reduce the cost of accounting for such transactions.</p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>