<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS29_edu_footnotes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Edu Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <fn id="IAS29_FN0002" base="IAS29_1" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS29_P0062" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, January 2014, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 29</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies</ph></ph>—applicability of the concept of financial capital maintenance defined in terms of constant purchasing power units’</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee considered the following two questions:</p>       <ul class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">           <p class="- topic/p ">whether an entity is permitted to use the financial capital maintenance concept defined in terms of constant purchasing power units that is described in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph> when the entity’s functional currency is not the currency of a hyperinflationary economy as described in IAS 29 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies</ph></ph>; and</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li ">           <p class="- topic/p ">if such use is permitted, whether the entity needs to apply IAS 29 to its financial statements prepared using a specific model of that concept of financial capital maintenance when it falls within the scope of IAS 29.</p>         </li></ul>       <p id="IAS29_P0063" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee observed that the guidance in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> is written to assist the IASB in the development of Standards. It is also used in the development of an accounting policy only when no Standards specifically apply to a particular transaction, other event or condition, or deal with similar and related issues. Consequently the guidance in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> relating to the use of a particular capital maintenance concept cannot be used to override the requirements of any Standard, and an entity is not permitted to apply a concept of capital maintenance that conflicts with the existing requirements in a particular Standard, when applying that Standard.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">In addition, the Interpretations Committee noted that the results of the outreach indicate that these issues are not widespread. For this reason the Interpretations Committee decided not to add these issues to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>                <fn base="IAS29_34" id="EDUFN_ad2020_march_ap4C_IAS21andIAS29" class="- topic/fn ">             <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about the application of IAS 21 and IAS 29. In the fact pattern described in the request, the entity:</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">...</p>          <p class="- topic/p ">On the basis of responses to outreach, comment letters received and additional research, the Committee observed little diversity in the application of IAS 21 with respect to the questions in the request––in applying paragraph 42(b) of IAS 21, entities generally do not restate comparative amounts in their interim or annual financial statements in the situations described above. Therefore, the Committee has not obtained evidence that the matter has widespread effect. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add the matter to its standard-setting agenda.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">[The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after <xref href="IAS21_43.dita#IAS21_43" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 43 of IAS 21</xref>.]]</p></fn>               <fn base="IAS29_35" id="EDUFN_ad2020_march_ap4A_IAS21andIAS29" class="- topic/fn ">             <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about the application of IAS 21 and IAS 29. In the fact pattern described in the request, the entity:</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">...</p>          <p class="- topic/p ">In the light of its analysis, the Committee considered whether to add a project on the presentation of exchange differences resulting from the restatement and translation of hyperinflationary foreign operations to its standard-setting agenda. The Committee has not obtained evidence that a project with that scope—undertaken in isolation of other aspects of the accounting for hyperinflationary foreign operations—would result in an improvement in financial reporting that would be sufficient to outweigh the costs. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add the matter to its standard-setting agenda.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">[The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after <xref href="IAS21_42.dita#IAS21_42" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 42 of IAS 21</xref>.]]</p></fn>              <fn base="IAS29_35" id="EDUFN_ad2020_march_ap4B_IAS21andIAS29" class="- topic/fn ">            <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about the application of IAS 21 and IAS 29. In the fact pattern described in the request, the entity:</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">...</p>          <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IAS 21 provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine how to present the cumulative pre-hyperinflation exchange differences once a foreign operation becomes hyperinflationary. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add the matter to its standard-setting agenda.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">[The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after <xref href="IAS21_42.dita#IAS21_42" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 42 of IAS 21</xref>.]]</p></fn>         </bodydiv></body></topic>