<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS02_BC6" base="SL34194"><paranum>BC6</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 2"/><data name="paranum" value="BC6"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS02_P1964">As noted above, the Board began a project to develop an IFRS on share&#x2011;based payment in July 2001. In September 2001, the Board invited additional comment on the IASC/G4+1 Discussion Paper, with a comment deadline of 15 December 2001. The Board received over 270 letters. During the development of ED 2, the Board was also assisted by an Advisory Group, consisting of individuals from various countries and with a range of backgrounds, including persons from the investment, corporate, audit, academic, compensation consultancy, valuation and regulatory communities. The Board received further assistance from other experts at a panel discussion held in New York in July 2002. In November 2002, the Board published an Exposure Draft, ED 2 <i>Share&#x2011;based Payment</i>, with a comment deadline of 7 March 2003. The Board received over 240 letters. The Board also worked with the FASB after that body added to its agenda a project to review US accounting requirements on share&#x2011;based payment. This included participating in meetings of the FASB&#x2019;s Option Valuation Group and meeting the FASB to discuss convergence issues.</p></body></paragraph>