<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS02_BC4" base="SL34192"><paranum>BC4</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 2"/><data name="paranum" value="BC4"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS02_P1962">Few countries have standards on the topic. This is a concern in many countries, because the use of share&#x2011;based payment has increased in recent years and continues to spread. Various standard&#x2011;setting bodies have been working on this issue. At the time the IASB added a project on share&#x2011;based payment to its agenda in July 2001, some standard&#x2011;setters had recently published proposals. For example, the German Accounting Standards Committee published a draft accounting standard <i>Accounting for Share Option Plans and Similar Compensation Arrangements</i> in June 2001. The UK Accounting Standards Board led the development of the Discussion Paper <i>Accounting for Share&#x2011;based Payment</i>, published in July 2000 by IASC, the ASB and other bodies represented in the G4+1.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS02_FN0030" type="fn"/> The Danish Institute of State Authorised Public Accountants issued a Discussion Paper <i>The Accounting Treatment of Share&#x2011;based Payment</i> in April 2000. More recently, in December 2002, the Accounting Standards Board of Japan published a Summary Issues Paper on share&#x2011;based payment. In March 2003, the US Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) added to its agenda a project to review US accounting requirements on share&#x2011;based payment. Also, the Canadian Accounting Standards Board (AcSB) recently completed its project on share&#x2011;based payment. The AcSB standard requires recognition of all share&#x2011;based payment transactions, including transactions in which share options are granted to employees (discussed further in <xref id="IFRS02_X0883" base="F15998400" href="IFRS02_BC281.dita#IFRS02_BC281">paragraphs BC281 and BC282</xref>).</p></body></paragraph>