<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS32_BC21" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC21</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 32" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC21" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant id="IAS32_BC21_V2" base="SL75169392" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant "> <p id="IAS32_P2178" class="- topic/p ">In finalising the revisions to IAS 32 the Board considered, but rejected, a number of alternative approaches: </p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IAS32_L0058" base="SL75169393" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P2179" base="SL75169395" class="- topic/p ">To classify as an equity instrument any contract that will be settled in the entity’s own shares. The Board rejected this approach because it does not deal adequately with transactions in which an entity is using its own shares as currency, eg when an entity has an obligation to pay a fixed or determinable amount that is settled in a variable number of its own shares.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P2180" base="SL75169397" class="- topic/p ">To classify a contract as an equity instrument only if (i) the contract will be settled in the entity’s own shares, and (ii) the changes in the fair value of the contract move in the same direction as the changes in the fair value of the shares from the perspective of the counterparty. Under this approach, contracts that will be settled in the entity’s own shares would be financial assets or financial liabilities if, from the perspective of the counterparty, their value moves inversely with the price of the entity’s own shares. An example is an entity’s obligation to buy back its own shares. The Board rejected this approach because its adoption would represent a fundamental shift in the concept of equity. The Board also noted that it would result in a change to the classification of some transactions, compared with the existing <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph><xref keyref="footnotes/IAS32_FN0044" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> and IAS 32, that had not been exposed for comment.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P2181" base="SL75169404" class="- topic/p ">To classify as an equity instrument a contract that will be settled in the entity’s own shares unless its value changes in response to something other than the price of the entity’s own shares. The Board rejected this approach to avoid an exception to the principle that non‑derivative contracts that are settled in a variable number of an entity’s own shares should be treated as financial assets or financial liabilities.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P2182" base="SL75169406" class="- topic/p ">To limit classification as equity instruments to outstanding ordinary shares, and classify as financial assets or financial liabilities all contracts that involve future receipt or delivery of the entity’s own shares. The Board rejected this approach because its adoption would represent a fundamental shift in the concept of equity. The Board also noted that it would result in a change to the classification of some transactions compared with the existing IAS 32 that had not been exposed for comment.</p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>