<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS32_BC49" base="SL31494" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC49</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 32" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC49" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS32_P2218" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The main changes from the Exposure Draft’s proposals are as follows: </p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL147436" id="IAS32_L0060" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL147438" id="IAS32_P2219" class="- topic/p ">The Exposure Draft proposed to define a financial liability as a contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset to another entity or to exchange financial instruments with another entity under conditions that are potentially unfavourable. The definition in the Standard has been expanded to include some contracts that will or may be settled in the entity’s own equity instruments. The Standard’s definition of a financial asset has been similarly expanded.</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL147440" id="IAS32_P2221" class="- topic/p ">The Exposure Draft proposed that a financial instrument that gives the holder the right to put it back to the entity for cash or another financial asset is a financial liability. The Standard retains this conclusion, but provides additional guidance and illustrative examples to assist entities that, as a result of this requirement, either have no equity as defined in IAS 32 or whose share capital is not equity as defined in IAS 32.</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p base="SL147442" id="IAS32_P2223" class="- topic/p ">The Standard retains and clarifies the proposal in the Exposure Draft that terms and conditions of a financial instrument may indirectly create an obligation.</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>         <p base="SL147444" id="IAS32_P2225" class="- topic/p ">The Exposure Draft proposed to incorporate in IAS 32 the conclusion previously in SIC‑5. This is that a financial instrument for which the manner of settlement depends on the occurrence or non‑occurrence of uncertain future events or on the outcome of uncertain circumstances that are beyond the control of both the issuer and the holder is a financial liability. The Standard clarifies this conclusion by requiring contingent settlement provisions that apply only in the event of liquidation of an entity or are not genuine to be ignored.</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>         <p base="SL147446" id="IAS32_P2227" class="- topic/p ">The Exposure Draft proposed that a derivative contract that contains an option as to how it is settled meets the definition of an equity instrument if the entity had all of the following: (i) an unconditional right and ability to settle the contract gross; (ii) an established practice of such settlement; and (iii) the intention to settle the contract gross. These conditions have not been carried forward into the Standard. Rather, a derivative with settlement options is classified as a financial asset or a financial liability unless all the settlement alternatives would result in equity classification.</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value>         <p base="SL147448" id="IAS32_P2229" class="- topic/p ">The Standard provides explicit guidance on accounting for the repurchase of a convertible instrument.</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value>         <p base="SL147450" id="IAS32_P2231" class="- topic/p ">The Standard provides explicit guidance on accounting for the amendment of the terms of a convertible instrument to induce early conversion.</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(h)</li_value>         <p base="SL147452" id="IAS32_P2233" class="- topic/p ">The Exposure Draft proposed that a financial instrument that is an equity instrument of a subsidiary should be eliminated on consolidation when held by the parent, or presented in the consolidated balance sheet within equity when not held by the parent (as a minority interest<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS32_FN0051" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> separate from the equity of the parent). The Standard requires all terms and conditions agreed between members of the group and the holders of the instrument to be considered when determining if the group as a whole has an obligation that would give rise to a financial liability. To the extent there is such an obligation, the instrument (or component of the instrument that is subject to the obligation) is a financial liability in consolidated financial statements.</p>                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)–(j)</li_value>         <p base="SL147454" id="IAS32_P2235" class="- topic/p ">[deleted]</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(k)</li_value>         <p base="SL147458" id="IAS32_P2236" class="- topic/p ">In August 2005, the IASB issued <xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" base="F16143965" id="IAS32_X1071" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph></xref>. As a result, disclosures relating to financial instruments, if still relevant, were relocated to <xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" base="F16143966" id="IAS32_X1072" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 7</xref>.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>