<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="CF2018_BC6_29" base="F72806695" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC6.29</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC6.29" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="CF2018_P1429" class="- topic/p ">The 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> does not describe the following current value measurement bases: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="CF2018_L0151" base="F72806697" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1430" base="F72806718" class="- topic/p ">deprival value for assets or relief value for liabilities. The deprival value of an asset is the loss that an entity would suffer if it were deprived of the asset being measured. Similarly, the relief value of a liability is the benefit that an entity would enjoy if it were relieved of the liability being measured. The Board did not include a discussion of deprival value or relief value because they are more complex than other measurement bases and have been used in few jurisdictions. Hence, the Board concluded that it is unlikely to use deprival value or relief value when developing Standards.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1431" base="F72806720" class="- topic/p ">net realisable value. Net realisable value depicts the estimated consideration from the sale of the asset reduced by the estimated costs of sale. The Board concluded that it is unnecessary to describe net realisable value separately, because it is derived from another current measure.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1432" base="F72806722" class="- topic/p ">cost of release. Cost of release depicts the estimated cost (including transaction costs) of obtaining release from a liability by negotiation with the counterparty. Because it is relatively unusual for entities to obtain release from liabilities, instead of fulfilling them, the Board concluded that it is unnecessary to describe this measurement basis in the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>