<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="CF2018_BC4_51" base="F72807327" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC4.51</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC4.51" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="CF2018_P1246" class="- topic/p ">Different Standards required different approaches to situations in which an entity can avoid a transfer of economic resources through its future action. The Board identified three views applied at that time in Standards to determine when a present obligation to transfer an economic resource has arisen:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="CF2018_L0121" base="F72807329" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1247" base="SL72807568" class="- topic/p ">View 1—an entity must have no ability to avoid the future transfer. For example, <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 37</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph>, as it had been interpreted in <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRIC 21</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Levies</ph></ph>, required that for a present obligation to exist, the entity must have no ability, even in theory, to avoid the future transfer.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1248" base="SL72807569" class="- topic/p ">View 2—an entity must have no practical ability to avoid the future transfer. For example, <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 34</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Interim Financial Reporting</ph></ph> specified that, if a lease provides for variable lease payments based on the entity achieving a specified level of annual sales, an obligation can arise before that level has been achieved if that level is expected to be achieved and the entity therefore has no realistic alternative but to make the future lease payments.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1249" base="SL72807570" class="- topic/p ">View 3—there need be no limits on an entity’s ability to avoid the future transfer. It is sufficient that, as a consequence of a past event, the entity may have to transfer an economic resource if further conditions are met. For example, <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph> required a liability to be recognised for benefits that are conditional on future employment (unvested benefits) if those benefits are given in exchange for service already provided by employees. IAS 19 did not require an entity to assess whether it has the practical ability to avoid paying those benefits.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>