<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="CF2018_BC4_43" base="F72807175" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC4.43</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC4.43" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="CF2018_P1228" class="- topic/p ">In developing the 2018 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conceptual Framework</i>, the Board considered and rejected other suggested changes to the definition and treatment of control:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="CF2018_L0117" base="F72807178" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1229" base="SL72807254" class="- topic/p ">a suggestion to exclude a reference to control from the definition of an asset because it is implicit in the definition of an economic resource as a right that the entity controls the resource. The Board agreed that this is implicit in the definition of an economic resource but decided that explicitly referring to control is a helpful way of structuring the definition and supporting guidance.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1230" base="SL72807255" class="- topic/p ">a suggestion that the requirement for control to exist should be a recognition criterion, instead of part of the definition of an asset. A few stakeholders argued that this approach would separate two questions that are independent of each other (namely: does an asset exist? and to whom does the asset belong?). The Board did not move the reference to control into the asset recognition criteria because such a move would be unlikely to change which assets would be recognised and because the Board has identified no problems in practice that would be addressed by such a move.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1231" base="SL72807256" class="- topic/p ">a suggestion that the Board should amend the definition of control to refer to ‘substantially all’ economic benefits. The Board noted that the reference to ‘substantially all’ economic benefits would be redundant, and possibly confusing, if an entity recognises only the rights it controls. For example, if an entity controls the right to obtain 20% of the economic benefits from a building, its asset is the right to obtain 20% of the economic benefits from the building. The entity would not need the right to obtain all, or even substantially all, the economic benefits from the building because its asset is not a right over the whole building. The question of whether to include a threshold such as ‘substantially all’ may arise when developing Standards, for example, if a Standard requires an entity to account for a group of rights as a single asset (a single unit of account).</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>