<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="CF2018_BC5_2" base="F72807638" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC5.2</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC5.2" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="CF2018_P1331" class="- topic/p ">The recognition criteria created the following problems:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="CF2018_L0135" base="F72807640" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1332" base="SL72807744" class="- topic/p ">some Standards developed before the 2018 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conceptual Framework</i> applied a probability recognition criterion, but they did not use it consistently. They used different probability thresholds which included ‘probable’, ‘more likely than not’, ‘virtually certain’ and ‘reasonably possible’.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1333" base="SL72807745" class="- topic/p ">the application of the probability criterion to some recognition questions could lead to loss of relevant information or a misleading representation of the entity’s financial position or financial performance. For example, applying the criterion could prevent the recognition of some derivative financial instruments. Moreover, it could result in a gain being recognised for a transaction when no economic gain has occurred. For example, suppose that, in exchange for receiving cash, an entity incurs a liability to pay a fixed amount if some unlikely event occurs in the future. If the liability is not recognised because an outflow of economic benefits is not considered probable when the entity receives the cash, the entity will recognise an immediate gain at that time. To avoid such problems, some Standards developed before the 2018 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conceptual Framework</i>, for example, <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>, applied no probability recognition criterion.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1334" base="SL72807746" class="- topic/p ">the reference to reliability was unclear and could result in inappropriate outcomes. Although reliability was identified as a qualitative characteristic in the 1989 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Framework</i>, in the 2010 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conceptual Framework</i>, the term ‘reliability’ was no longer used to refer to a qualitative characteristic and was not defined (see paragraphs BC2.21–BC2.31). In practice, a ‘reliable’ measure was usually interpreted as one with a tolerable level of measurement uncertainty and perhaps also as verifiable and free from error. Hence, a recognition criterion referring to reliable measurement could be interpreted as one prohibiting recognition of any item that has a high level of measurement uncertainty, even if recognising such an item would provide useful information.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>