<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="CF2018_BC4_72" base="F72807406" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC4.72</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC4.72" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="CF2018_P1279" class="- topic/p ">The term ‘contingent liability’ is not used in the 2018 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conceptual Framework</i> because:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="CF2018_L0126" base="F72807409" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p id="CF2018_P1280" base="SL72807580" class="- topic/p ">the three categories of item encompassed by the           IAS 37 definition do not form a single natural class. The items in category (a) may be           liabilities but are subject to existence uncertainty. The items in categories (b) and (c)           are liabilities but might or might not be recognised after applying the recognition           criteria described in Chapter 5—<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Recognition and derecognition</i>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1281" base="SL72807581" class="- topic/p ">contingent liabilities are not a further element of financial statements, additional to liabilities and equity. Moreover, some ‘contingent liabilities’ are liabilities, but others are not.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1282" base="SL72807582" class="- topic/p ">in common usage, the term ‘contingent liability’ is not used in the same way as in IAS 37. It often refers to an item that may give rise to an outflow of economic resources if some uncertain future event occurs. Depending on the circumstances, an obligating event might or might not have occurred. If an obligating event has occurred, the item might be a liability subject to existence uncertainty, outcome uncertainty, measurement uncertainty or any combination of those uncertainties. The liability might be recognised or unrecognised.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>