<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="CF2018_BC2_28" base="F72025045" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC2.28</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC2.28" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="CF2018_P1019" class="- topic/p ">In developing the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>, the Board considered whether to reinstate the term ‘reliability’ as a label for the qualitative characteristic now called ‘faithful representation’. Arguments given for such a reinstatement by some stakeholders included: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="CF2018_L0089" base="F72025048" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1020" base="F72025049" class="- topic/p ">the term ‘reliability’ is clearer and better understood than the term ‘faithful representation’.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1021" base="F72025051" class="- topic/p ">the 2010 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> implies that anything can be faithfully represented if sufficient explanatory information is given. This interpretation of faithful representation would allow the recognition of items that cannot be measured reliably. Consequently, the qualitative characteristic of faithful representation does not act as an effective filter when identifying the types of information to be included in financial statements.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1022" base="F72025053" class="- topic/p ">the 1989 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> acknowledged a trade-off between the qualitative characteristics of relevance and reliability. More relevant information may lack reliability and more reliable information may lack relevance. Some respondents expressed the view that this trade-off was missing in the 2010 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> (see paragraphs BC2.52–BC2.57).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1023" base="F72025056" class="- topic/p ">the idea that financial statements should be credible, that is, that users need assurance that they can depend on financial statements to faithfully represent what they purport to represent, is a key concept that should be acknowledged in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>. Treating that concept solely as an enhancing qualitative characteristic (verifiability, see paragraphs BC2.60–BC2.62) gives it too little weight.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>