<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="CF2018_BC5_15" base="F72807688" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC5.15</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC5.15" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="CF2018_P1353" class="- topic/p ">Many respondents both to the 2013 Discussion Paper and to the 2015 Exposure Draft argued that the recognition criteria should continue to refer to probability. They argued that:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="CF2018_L0139" base="F72807691" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1354" base="SL72807753" class="- topic/p ">the probability criterion had proved to be a practical way of applying the qualitative characteristics. The proposed supporting guidance on items with a low probability of generating a flow of economic benefits was not clear enough and would lead to doubt and inconsistency.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1355" base="SL72807754" class="- topic/p ">the removal of the probability criterion, in combination with the removal of the reference to ‘expected’ from the definitions of an asset and a liability, could lead to requirements for entities to recognise more assets and liabilities with a low probability of inflows or outflows of economic benefits. Recognising such assets and liabilities would not provide useful information. In addition, preparers of financial statements might have to search extensively for rights and obligations. (The deletion of the notion of an ‘expected’ flow is discussed in paragraphs BC4.8–BC4.14.)</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1356" base="SL72807755" class="- topic/p ">if assets and liabilities with a low probability of future inflows and outflows were recognised, they might have to be measured at amounts based on expected value. Such measurement is difficult and puts a burden on preparers of financial statements. Sometimes, providing information about the range and distribution of possible outcomes is more useful than providing a measure based on expected value. Such measures may provide an illusion of precision that does not exist.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>