<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e14922" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="CF2018_FN0001" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1521" class="- topic/p ">Throughout the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>, the terms ‘financial reports’ and ‘financial reporting’ refer to general purpose financial reports and general purpose financial reporting unless specifically indicated otherwise.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0002" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1522" class="- topic/p ">Throughout the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>, the term ‘entity’ refers to the reporting entity unless specifically indicated otherwise.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0003" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1523" class="- topic/p ">Throughout the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>, the term ‘management’ refers to management and the governing board of an entity unless specifically indicated otherwise.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0004" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1524" class="- topic/p ">Throughout the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>, the terms ‘primary users’ and ‘users’ refer to those existing and potential investors, lenders and other creditors who must rely on general purpose financial reports for much of the financial information they need.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0005" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1525" class="- topic/p ">Throughout the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>, the terms ‘qualitative characteristics’ and ‘cost constraint’ refer to the qualitative characteristics of, and the cost constraint on, useful financial information.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0006" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1526" class="- topic/p ">Assets, liabilities, income and expenses are defined in Table 4.1. They are the elements of financial statements.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0007" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1527" class="- topic/p ">Throughout the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>, the term ‘financial statements’ refers to general purpose financial statements.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0008" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1528" class="- topic/p ">Assets, liabilities, equity, income and expenses are defined in Table 4.1. They are the elements of financial statements.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0009" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1529" class="- topic/p ">The <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> does not specify whether the statement(s) of financial performance comprise(s) a single statement or two statements.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0010" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1530" class="- topic/p ">This column summarises the information provided if value in use is used as a measurement basis. However, as noted in paragraph 6.75, value in use may not be a practical measurement basis for regular remeasurements.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0011" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1531" class="- topic/p ">Income or expenses may arise on the initial recognition of an asset not acquired on market terms.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0012" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1532" class="- topic/p ">Income or expenses may arise if the market in which an asset is acquired is different from the market that is the source of the prices used when measuring the fair value of the asset.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0013" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1533" class="- topic/p ">Consumption of the asset is typically reported through cost of sales, depreciation or amortisation.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0014" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1534" class="- topic/p ">Income received is often equal to the consideration received but will depend on the measurement basis used for any related liability.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0015" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1535" class="- topic/p ">Income or expenses may arise on the initial recognition of a liability incurred or taken on not on market terms.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0016" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1536" class="- topic/p ">Income or expenses may arise if the market in which a liability is incurred or taken on is different from the market that is the source of the prices used when measuring the fair value of the liability.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0017" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1537" class="- topic/p ">The <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> does not specify whether the statement(s) of financial performance comprise(s) a single statement or two statements. The<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph "> Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> uses the term ‘statement of profit or loss’ to refer both to a separate statement and to a separate section within a single statement of financial performance.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0018" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1538" class="- topic/p ">The <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> does not specify whether the statement(s) of financial performance comprise(s) a single statement or two statements. The <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> uses the term ‘statement of profit or loss’ to refer to a separate statement and to a separate section within a single statement of financial performance. Likewise, it uses the term ‘total for profit or loss’ to refer both to a total for a separate statement and to a subtotal for a section within a single statement of financial performance.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0019" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1539" class="- topic/p ">See the Discussion Paper <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Preliminary Views on an Improved Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting: The Objective of Financial Reporting and Qualitative Characteristics of Decision-useful Financial Reporting Information</i> published in 2006 and the Exposure Draft <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">An Improved Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting: Chapters 1 and 2</i> published in 2008.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0020" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1540" class="- topic/p ">See the Discussion Paper <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Preliminary Views on an Improved Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting—The Reporting Entity</i> published in 2008 and the Exposure Draft <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting—The Reporting Entity</i> published in 2010.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0021" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1541" class="- topic/p ">See the Discussion Paper <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">A Review of the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</i> published in 2013 and the Exposure Draft <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</i> published in 2015.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0022" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1542" class="- topic/p ">See paragraph 4.23 of the IFRS Foundation <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Due Process Handbook</i>.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0023" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1543" class="- topic/p ">See paragraph 7.8 of the IFRS Foundation <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Due Process Handbook</i>.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0024" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1544" class="- topic/p ">If no Standard specifically applies to a transaction, other event or condition, paragraph 11 of IAS 8 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph> requires entities to consider the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> in developing and applying an accounting policy for that transaction. If a Standard permits a choice of accounting policy, entities select an accounting policy subject to an overall requirement in IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> that financial statements must provide a fair presentation of the entity’s financial position, financial performance and cash flows. The link between fair presentation and the concepts in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> is described in paragraph 15 of IAS 1.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0025" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1545" class="- topic/p ">With the exception of Chapters 1 and 2, the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> focuses on (general purpose) financial statements rather than on (general purpose) financial reports (see paragraph 3.1).</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0026" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1546" class="- topic/p ">See also paragraph 3.8 of the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> and paragraphs BC3.9–BC3.10.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0027" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1547" class="- topic/p ">One group expressing that view was the Financial Crisis Advisory Group (FCAG). The FCAG comprised approximately 20 senior leaders with broad experience in international financial markets and an interest in the transparency of financial reporting information. The FCAG was formed in 2009 to advise the Board and the FASB about the standard-setting implications of the financial crisis and of potential changes in the global regulatory environment.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0028" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1548" class="- topic/p ">See also paragraphs BC0.34–BC0.43 for the Board’s 2018 discussion on the role of Standards in promoting long-term investment and paragraph SP1.5 of the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> for an explanation of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>’s contribution to the mission of the IFRS Foundation and of the Board, which is to develop Standards that bring transparency, accountability and efficiency to financial markets.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0029" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1549" class="- topic/p ">The term ‘management’ refers to management and the governing board of an entity (see paragraph 1.4(b) of the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>).</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0030" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1550" class="- topic/p ">This definition of stewardship is provided in the Merriam-Webster online dictionary (https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/stewardship).</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0031" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1551" class="- topic/p ">Concepts Statement 1 referred to ‘earnings and its components’. However, FASB Concepts Statement No. 6 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Elements of Financial Statements</i> substituted the term ‘comprehensive income’ for the term ‘earnings’. The latter term is reserved for a component of comprehensive income.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0032" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1552" class="- topic/p ">See paragraph 2.15 of the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0033" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1553" class="- topic/p ">In the context of paragraph QC16 of the 2010 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>, uncertainty of estimates refers to what the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> calls measurement uncertainty.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0034" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1554" class="- topic/p ">The term ‘reliability’ was used instead of ‘faithful representation’, but the meaning was intended to be similar.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0035" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1555" class="- topic/p ">In 2010, the Board issued IFRS Practice Statement 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Management Commentary</ph></ph>—a broad, non-binding framework for the presentation of management commentary to accompany financial statements prepared in accordance with the Standards.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0036" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1556" class="- topic/p ">See the Exposure Draft <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting—The Reporting Entity</i> published in March 2010.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0037" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1557" class="- topic/p ">See paragraph 33 of IFRS 15 and paragraphs 5–7 of IFRS 10.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0038" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1558" class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 5.28 of the 2018 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conceptual Framework</i> explains what is included in the transferred component and the retained component.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0039" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1559" class="- topic/p ">See paragraphs 55–56, A1 and A15–A21 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 36</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph>.</p></fn><fn id="CF2018_FN0040" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="CF2018_P1560" class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 2.27 of the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> states: ‘Comparability is not uniformity. For information to be comparable, like things must look alike and different things must look different.’</p></fn></bodydiv></body></topic>