<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="CF2018_BC0_41" base="F72024597" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC0.41</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC0.41" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="CF2018_P0908" class="- topic/p ">For the following reasons, the Board disagreed with the views expressed in paragraph BC0.40: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="CF2018_L0080" base="F72024599" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P0909" base="F72024600" class="- topic/p ">the Board does not place more emphasis on the needs of short-term investors than on the needs of long-term investors. The Board considers both long-term investors and short-term investors to be primary users of financial statements. Moreover, the Board believes that there is no reason why short-term investors would need information that is not also needed by long-term investors.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P0910" base="F72024602" class="- topic/p ">the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> identifies both existing and potential investors as primary users of financial statements. The Board’s discussions with users in its project on the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> and in many other projects have identified no reasons why existing investors would need information that differs from the information needed by potential investors. Furthermore, the changes made by the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> to the discussion of the objective of general purpose financial reporting highlight the importance of providing information to help investors to assess management’s stewardship of the entity’s economic resources. The 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> states explicitly that decisions relating to providing resources to the entity include decisions about exercising rights to vote on, or otherwise influence, management’s actions that affect the use of the entity’s economic resources. Thus, the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> clarifies that the needs of existing investors (including long-term investors) are considered when making decisions about the usefulness of financial information (see paragraphs BC1.36–BC1.37).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P0911" base="F72024604" class="- topic/p ">when the Board has decided to require or permit current value measurement bases, that has not been because of a belief that those measurement bases would be particularly useful to short-term investors. Instead, the Board’s decisions have been driven by an assessment of what information is most likely to be useful to the primary users of financial statements, including both long-term and short-term investors. Under the concepts in Chapter 6—<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Measurement</i> of the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>, this will continue to be the case.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P0912" base="F72024606" class="- topic/p ">in the Board’s view, accounting information (such as reported profit) is not, and should not be, the sole determinant of distributions of dividends and bonuses. Distribution policy is affected by many other factors, for example, the entity’s financing needs, current and projected liquidity, the risks faced by the entity, legal constraints and (in the case of bonus decisions) remuneration policy and incentive arrangements. These factors differ by entity, by country and over time. It would be neither desirable nor feasible for the Board to consider them in standard-setting decisions.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>