<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="CF2018_BC2_48" base="F72025202" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC2.48</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC2.48" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="CF2018_P1082" class="- topic/p ">Nevertheless, it was apparent that the link between the level of uncertainty in an estimate and its usefulness was not very visible and many readers of the 2010 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> seemed to overlook it. Consequently, the 2015 Exposure Draft discussed how measurement uncertainty could affect the relevance of financial information. Respondents to the 2015 Exposure Draft welcomed the discussion of measurement uncertainty. However, some argued that measurement uncertainty is an aspect of the fundamental qualitative characteristic of faithful representation rather than an aspect of relevance. The Board agreed with these arguments noting that: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="CF2018_L0098" base="F72025204" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p id="CF2018_P1083" base="F72025206" class="- topic/p ">measurement uncertainty makes information less verifiable. As explained in paragraph 2.30 of the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>, verifiability helps to assure users of financial statements that information faithfully represents what it purports to represent. The higher the level of measurement uncertainty, the less assurance users have that a particular estimate provides a faithful representation of the phenomenon. Thus, measurement uncertainty affects whether economic phenomena can be faithfully represented.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p id="CF2018_P1084" base="F72025208" class="- topic/p ">paragraphs 2.20–2.21 of the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> describe the most efficient and effective process of applying the fundamental qualitative characteristics. In line with that description, the qualitative characteristic of relevance is concerned with what particular piece of information is capable of being useful to users. On the other hand, the qualitative characteristic of faithful representation is concerned with whether that information can provide a faithful representation. Thus, measurement uncertainty associated with the estimation process does not affect relevance; it affects whether that measure can be provided in a way that produces a faithful representation.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p id="CF2018_P1085" base="F72025210" class="- topic/p ">even if information is subject to a high level of measurement uncertainty, it can be relevant. For example, if the underlying phenomenon is subject to significant risks and uncertainties, a highly uncertain measure may provide the only relevant information about that phenomenon.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>