<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="CF2018_BC4_94" base="F72807502" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC4.94</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC4.94" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="CF2018_P1319" class="- topic/p ">The Board disagreed with these arguments, concluding that:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="CF2018_L0133" base="F72807505" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1320" base="SL72807597" class="- topic/p ">it is incorrect to assume that the Board focuses solely or primarily on the statement of financial position. Financial statements are intended to provide information about an entity’s financial position and its financial performance (see paragraph 3.3). Hence, when making decisions about recognition, measurement and presentation and disclosure, the Board considers whether the resulting information provides useful information about both an entity’s financial position and its financial performance. The Board has not designated one type of information—about financial position or about financial performance—as the primary focus of financial reporting.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1321" base="SL72807598" class="- topic/p ">information about transactions is relevant to users of financial statements. Hence, much of financial reporting is currently based on transactions and will continue to be so.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1322" base="SL72807599" class="- topic/p ">transactions that result in income and expenses also cause changes in assets and liabilities. Consequently, identifying income and expenses necessarily leads to identifying which assets and liabilities have changed. The Board and other standard-setters have found over many years that it is more effective, efficient and rigorous to define assets and liabilities first and to define income and expenses as changes in assets and liabilities, instead of trying to define income and expenses first and then describe assets and liabilities as by-products of the recognition of income and expenses.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1323" base="SL72807600" class="- topic/p ">the definitions of an asset and a liability are not merely accounting technicalities. They refer to real economic phenomena (economic resources and obligations to transfer economic resources). A statement of financial position depicting assets, liabilities and equity provides users with more relevant and understandable information about an entity’s financial position than does a mere summary of amounts that have arisen as by-products of a matching process. Those amounts do not necessarily depict economic phenomena.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1324" base="SL72807601" class="- topic/p ">an approach based on matching income and expenses does not define the period to which the income and expenses relate. As explained in paragraph 5.5 of the 2018 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conceptual Framework</i>, if income and expenses relate to each other, they will often be recognised simultaneously because of simultaneous changes in related assets and liabilities. However, an intention to match income and expenses does not justify the recognition in the statement of financial position of items that do not meet the definitions of an asset or a liability.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>