<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS03_IE30" base="F4299072" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">IE30</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IE30" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS03_P0903" class="- topic/p ">The following examples illustrate the recognition of customer contract and customer relationship intangible assets acquired in a business combination.</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS03_L0069" base="F4299074" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0904" base="F4299075" class="- topic/p ">Acquirer Company (AC) acquires Target Company (TC) in a business combination on 31 December 20X5. TC has a five‑year agreement to supply goods to Customer. Both TC and AC believe that Customer will renew the agreement at the end of the current contract. The agreement is not separable.</p> <p id="IFRS03_P0905" base="F4299076" class="- topic/p ">The agreement, whether cancellable or not, meets the contractual‑legal criterion. Additionally, because TC establishes its relationship with Customer through a contract, not only the agreement itself but also TC’s customer relationship with Customer meet the contractual‑legal criterion.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0906" base="F4299078" class="- topic/p ">AC acquires TC in a business combination on 31 December 20X5. TC manufactures goods in two distinct lines of business: sporting goods and electronics. Customer purchases both sporting goods and electronics from TC. TC has a contract with Customer to be its exclusive provider of sporting goods but has no contract for the supply of electronics to Customer. Both TC and AC believe that only one overall customer relationship exists between TC and Customer.</p> <p id="IFRS03_P0907" base="F4299080" class="- topic/p ">The contract to be Customer’s exclusive supplier of sporting goods, whether cancellable or not, meets the contractual‑legal criterion. Additionally, because TC establishes its relationship with Customer through a contract, the customer relationship with Customer meets the contractual‑legal criterion. Because TC has only one customer relationship with Customer, the fair value of that relationship incorporates assumptions about TC’s relationship with Customer related to both sporting goods and electronics. However, if AC determines that the customer relationships with Customer for sporting goods and for electronics are separate from each other, AC would assess whether the customer relationship for electronics meets the separability criterion for identification as an intangible asset.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0908" base="F4299081" class="- topic/p ">AC acquires TC in a business combination on 31 December 20X5. TC does business with its customers solely through purchase and sales orders. At 31 December 20X5, TC has a backlog of customer purchase orders from 60 per cent of its customers, all of whom are recurring customers. The other 40 per cent of TC’s customers are also recurring customers. However, as of 31 December 20X5, TC has no open purchase orders or other contracts with those customers.</p> <p id="IFRS03_P0909" base="F4299082" class="- topic/p ">Regardless of whether they are cancellable or not, the purchase orders from 60 per cent of TC’s customers meet the contractual‑legal criterion. Additionally, because TC has established its relationship with 60 per cent of its customers through contracts, not only the purchase orders but also TC’s customer relationships meet the contractual‑legal criterion. Because TC has a practice of establishing contracts with the remaining 40 per cent of its customers, its relationship with those customers also arises through contractual rights and therefore meets the contractual‑legal criterion even though TC does not have contracts with those customers at 31 December 20X5.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0910" base="F4299084" class="- topic/p ">AC acquires TC, an insurer, in a business combination on 31 December 20X5. TC has a portfolio of one‑year motor insurance contracts that are cancellable by policyholders.</p> <p id="IFRS03_P0911" base="F4299085" class="- topic/p ">Because TC establishes its relationships with policyholders through insurance contracts, the customer relationship with policyholders meets the contractual‑legal criterion. IAS 36 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph> and IAS 38 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Intangible Assets</ph></ph> apply to the customer relationship intangible asset.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>