<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="IFRS05_0007"><title base="SL160621" level="2" id="IFRS05_0007_TI">Example 7</title><body><p base="SL160622" id="IFRS05_P0223">An entity is committed to a plan to sell a non&#x2011;current asset and classifies the asset as held for sale at that date. </p><ol base="SL160623" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS05_L0027"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL160625" id="IFRS05_P0224">During the initial one&#x2011;year period, the market conditions that existed at the date the asset was classified initially as held for sale deteriorate and, as a result, the asset is not sold by the end of that period. During that period, the entity actively solicited but did not receive any reasonable offers to purchase the asset and, in response, reduced the price. The asset continues to be actively marketed at a price that is reasonable given the change in market conditions, and the criteria in <xref base="F15831233" href="IFRS05_7.dita#IFRS05_7" id="IFRS05_X0305">paragraphs 7 and 8</xref> are therefore met. In that situation, the conditions in <xref base="F15831235" href="IFRS05_B1.dita#IFRS05_B1" id="IFRS05_X0306">paragraph B1(c)</xref> for an exception to the one&#x2011;year requirement in <xref base="F15831234" href="IFRS05_8.dita#IFRS05_8" id="IFRS05_X0307">paragraph 8</xref> would be met. At the end of the initial one&#x2011;year period, the asset would continue to be classified as held for sale.                    </p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL160627" id="IFRS05_P0225">During the following one&#x2011;year period, market conditions deteriorate further, and the asset is not sold by the end of that period. The entity believes that the market conditions will improve and has not further reduced the price of the asset. The asset continues to be held for sale, but at a price in excess of its current fair value. In that situation, the absence of a price reduction demonstrates that the asset is not available for immediate sale as required by <xref base="F15831008" href="IFRS05_7.dita#IFRS05_7" id="IFRS05_X0309">paragraph 7</xref>. In addition, <xref base="F15831059" href="IFRS05_8.dita#IFRS05_8" id="IFRS05_X0310">paragraph 8</xref> also requires an asset to be marketed at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value. Therefore, the conditions in <xref base="F15831181" href="IFRS05_B1.dita#IFRS05_B1" id="IFRS05_X0311">paragraph B1(c)</xref> for an exception to the one&#x2011;year requirement in <xref href="IFRS05_8.dita" id="IFRS05_X0312">paragraph 8</xref> would not be met. The asset would be reclassified as held and used in accordance with <xref base="F15831232" href="IFRS05_26.dita" scope="local" id="IFRS05_X0313">paragraph 26</xref>.</p>       </li></ol></body></topic>