<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="IFRS05_0001"><title base="SL160586" id="IFRS05_0001_TI" level="2">Example 1</title><body><p base="SL160587" id="IFRS05_P0208">An entity is committed to a plan to sell its headquarters building and has initiated actions to locate a buyer. </p><ol base="SL160588" id="IFRS05_L0023" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="SL160590" id="IFRS05_P0209">The entity intends to transfer the building to a buyer after it vacates the building. The time necessary to vacate the building is usual and customary for sales of such assets. The criterion in <xref base="F15830958" href="IFRS05_7.dita#IFRS05_7" id="IFRS05_X0283">paragraph 7</xref> would be met at the plan commitment date.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="SL160592" id="IFRS05_P0210">The entity will continue to use the building until construction of a new headquarters building is completed. The entity does not intend to transfer the existing building to a buyer until after construction of the new building is completed (and it vacates the existing building). The delay in the timing of the transfer of the existing building imposed by the entity (seller) demonstrates that the building is not available for immediate sale. The criterion in <xref base="F15830957" href="IFRS05_7.dita#IFRS05_7" id="IFRS05_X0284">paragraph 7</xref> would not be met until construction of the new building is completed, even if a firm purchase commitment for the future transfer of the existing building is obtained earlier.</p></li></ol></body></topic>