<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS12_BC38" base="F46911137"><paranum>BC38</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 12"/><data name="paranum" value="BC38"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS12_P2508">The Interpretations Committee reported to the Board that practice differed because of divergent views on the following questions: </p><ol id="IAS12_L0054" base="F46911139" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS12_P2509" base="F46911143">Do decreases in the carrying amount of a fixed-rate debt instrument for which the principal is paid on maturity always give rise to a deductible temporary difference if this debt instrument is measured at fair value and if its tax base remains at cost? In particular, do they give rise to a deductible temporary difference if the debt instrument&#x2019;s holder expects to recover the carrying amount of the asset by use, ie continuing to hold it, and if it is probable that the issuer will pay all the contractual cash flows? (see paragraphs BC39&#x2013;BC45)</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS12_P2510" base="F46911145">Does an entity assume that it will recover an asset for more than its carrying amount when estimating probable future taxable profit against which deductible temporary differences are assessed for utilisation if such recovery is probable? This question is relevant when taxable profit from other sources is insufficient for the utilisation of the deductible temporary differences related to debt instruments measured at fair value. In this case, an entity may only be able to recognise deferred tax assets for its deductible temporary differences if it is probable that it will collect the entire cash flows from the debt instrument and therefore recover it for more than its carrying amount. (see paragraphs BC46&#x2013;BC54)</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS12_P2511" base="F46911146">When an entity assesses whether it can utilise deductible temporary differences against probable future taxable profit, does that probable future taxable profit include the effects of reversing deductible temporary differences? (see paragraphs BC55&#x2013;BC56)</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS12_P2512" base="F46911147">Does an entity assess whether a deferred tax asset is recognised for each deductible temporary difference separately or in combination with other deductible temporary differences? This question is relevant, for example, when tax law distinguishes capital gains and losses from other taxable gains and losses and capital losses can only be offset against capital gains. (see paragraphs BC57&#x2013;BC59)</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>