<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F65374335" id="IAS12_BC64"><paranum>BC64</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 12"/><data name="paranum" value="BC64"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS12_P2544">The Board observed that:</p><ol base="F65374337" id="IAS12_L0058" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F65374338" id="IAS12_P2545"><xref base="F74058485" href="IAS12_57A.dita#IAS12_57A/IAS12_57A_V1" id="IAS12_X0663">paragraph 57A</xref> describes how an entity accounts for income tax consequences of dividends paid. Dividends are defined in <xref base="F74058486" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001/IFRS09_TOC0001_V2" id="IAS12_X0664">IFRS 9</xref> as &#x2018;distributions of profits to holders of equity instruments in proportion to their holdings of a particular class of capital&#x2019;.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F65375491" id="IAS12_P2546">paragraph 57A first requires an entity to link the income tax consequences of dividends to past transactions or events that generated distributable profits. An entity then applies the requirements in <xref base="F74058487" href="IAS12_g58-60.dita#IAS12_g58-60/IAS12_g58-60_TI" id="IAS12_X0665">paragraph 58</xref> to determine where to recognise those income tax consequences. Applying paragraph 57A, the entity recognises the income tax consequences of dividends according to where it has recognised the past transactions or events that generated distributable profits.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F65375493" id="IAS12_P2547">the reason for the income tax consequences of dividends should not affect where those income tax consequences are recognised. It does not matter whether such consequences arise, for example, because of different tax rates for distributed and undistributed profits or because of the deductibility of dividends for tax purposes. This is because, in both cases, the income tax consequences arise from the distribution of profits.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p base="F65375495" id="IAS12_P2548">linking the recognition of the income tax consequences of dividends to how the tax consequences arise (for example, because of different tax rates, rather than because of different tax-deductibility rules) would lead to arbitrary results and a lack of comparability across entities in different tax jurisdictions. Tax jurisdictions choose different methods of imposing tax or providing tax relief. What matters is the resulting tax effect, not the mechanism.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>