<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS01_135" base="F3904556" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">135</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 1" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="135" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS01_P0707" class="- topic/p ">To comply with <xref href="IAS01_134.dita#IAS01_134" base="F4755476" id="IAS01_X0513" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 134</xref>, the entity discloses the following:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F3904558" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS01_L0073" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IAS01_135_a" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="F3904559" id="IAS01_P0708" class="- topic/p ">qualitative information about its objectives, policies and processes for managing capital, including:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F3904561" type="lower-roman" id="IAS01_L0074" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IAS01_135_a_i" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>             <p base="F3904562" id="IAS01_P0709" class="- topic/p ">a description of what it manages as capital;                            </p>           </li><li id="IAS01_135_a_ii" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F3904564" id="IAS01_P0710" class="- topic/p ">when an entity is subject to externally imposed capital requirements, the nature of those requirements and how those requirements are incorporated into the management of capital; and</p>           </li><li id="IAS01_135_a_iii" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>             <p base="F3904566" id="IAS01_P0711" class="- topic/p ">how it is meeting its objectives for managing capital.</p>           </li></ol>       </li><li id="IAS01_135_b" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="F3904568" id="IAS01_P0712" class="- topic/p ">summary quantitative data about what it manages as capital. Some entities regard some financial liabilities                      (eg some forms of subordinated debt) as part of capital. Other entities regard capital as excluding some components of equity                                 (eg components arising from cash flow hedges).</p>       </li><li id="IAS01_135_c" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p base="F3904570" id="IAS01_P0713" class="- topic/p ">any changes in (a) and (b) from the previous period.</p>       </li><li id="IAS01_135_d" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>         <p base="F3904572" id="IAS01_P0714" class="- topic/p ">whether during the period it complied with any externally imposed capital requirements to which it is subject.</p>                </li><li id="IAS01_135_e" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>         <p base="F3904574" id="IAS01_P0716" class="- topic/p ">when the entity has not complied with such externally imposed capital requirements, the consequences of such non‑compliance.</p>                </li></ol><p base="F3905394" id="IAS01_P0719" class="- topic/p ">The entity bases these disclosures on the information provided internally to key management personnel.</p></body></paragraph>