<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IAS19_72" base="F16150371" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>72</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19"/><data name="paranum" value="72"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS19_P0409">Employee service gives rise to an obligation under a defined benefit plan even if the benefits are conditional on future employment (in other words they are not vested). Employee service before the vesting date gives rise to a constructive obligation because, at the end of each successive reporting period, the amount of future service that an employee will have to render before becoming entitled to the benefit is reduced. In measuring its defined benefit obligation, an entity considers the probability that some employees may not satisfy any vesting requirements. Similarly, although some post‑employment benefits, for example, post‑employment medical benefits, become payable only if a specified event occurs when an employee is no longer employed, an obligation is created when the employee renders service that will provide entitlement to the benefit if the specified event occurs. The probability that the specified event will occur affects the measurement of the obligation, but does not determine whether the obligation exists.</p><table id="IAS19_TAB0006" base="F16150372" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="5*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="95*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><thead><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" rowsep="1" align="left"> Examples illustrating <xref id="IAS19_X0336" base="F16227361" href="#IAS19_72">paragraph 72</xref></entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS19_P0411" base="F16150376">1</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS19_P0412" base="F16150377">A plan pays a benefit of CU100 for each year of service. The benefits vest after ten years of service.</p> <p id="IAS19_P0413" base="F16150378"><i>A benefit of CU100 is attributed to each year. In each of the first ten years, the current service cost and the present value of the obligation reflect the probability that the employee may not complete ten years of service.</i></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS19_P0414" base="F16150380">2</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS19_P0415" base="F16150381">A plan pays a benefit of CU100 for each year of service, excluding service before the age of 25. The benefits vest immediately.</p> <p id="IAS19_P0416" base="F16150382"><i>No benefit is attributed to service before the age of 25 because service before that date does not lead to benefits (conditional or unconditional). A benefit of CU100 is attributed to each subsequent year.</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>