<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IAS19_37" base="F16150145" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>37</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19"/><data name="paranum" value="37"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS19_P0191">There may be a contractual agreement between the multi‑employer plan and its participants that determines how the surplus in the plan will be distributed to the participants (or the deficit funded). A participant in a multi‑employer plan with such an agreement that accounts for the plan as a defined contribution plan in accordance with <xref id="IAS19_X0265" base="F16223844" href="IAS19_34.dita#IAS19_34">paragraph 34</xref> shall recognise the asset or liability that arises from the contractual agreement and the resulting income or expense in profit or loss.</p><table id="IAS19_TAB0003" base="F16150146" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><thead><row><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left"> Example illustrating paragraph 37</entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IAS19_P0193" base="F16150148">An entity participates in a multi‑employer defined benefit plan that does not prepare plan valuations on an IAS 19 basis. It therefore accounts for the plan as if it were a defined contribution plan. A non‑IAS 19 funding valuation shows a deficit of CU100 million<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS19_FN0008" type="fn"/> in the plan. The plan has agreed under contract a schedule of contributions with the participating employers in the plan that will eliminate the deficit over the next five years. The entity’s total contributions under the contract are CU8 million.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IAS19_P0194" base="F16150149"><i>The entity recognises a liability for the contributions adjusted for the time value of money and an equal expense in profit or loss.</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>