<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic outputclass="orphan" id="IAS12_52B_example"><title/><body><variants>                      <table base="SL67035065" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1">                     Example illustrating <xref base="F67035067" href="IAS12_52A.dita#IAS12_52A" id="IAS12_X0262">paragraphs 52A</xref> and <xref base="F67035054" href="IAS12_57A.dita#IAS12_57A/IAS12_57A_V1" id="IAS12_X0263">57A</xref>                   </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry align="left" colname="C1">                     <p base="SL67035069" id="IAS12_P0335">The following example deals with the measurement of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities for an entity in a jurisdiction where income taxes                                              are payable at a higher rate on undistributed profits (50%) with an amount being refundable when profits are distributed. The tax rate on distributed profits is 35%. At the end of the reporting period, 31 December 20X1, the entity does not recognise a liability for dividends proposed or declared after the reporting period.                                              As a result, no dividends are recognised in the year 20X1. Taxable income for 20X1 is 100,000. The net taxable temporary difference for the year 20X1 is 40,000.</p>                     <p base="SL67035075" id="IAS12_P0336"><i>The entity recognises a current tax liability and a current income tax expense of 50,000. No asset is recognised for the amount potentially recoverable as a result of future dividends. The entity also recognises a deferred tax liability and deferred tax expense of 20,000 (40,000 at 50%) representing the income taxes that the entity will pay when it recovers or settles the carrying amounts of its assets and liabilities based on the tax rate applicable to undistributed profits</i>.</p>                     <p base="SL67035078" id="IAS12_P0337">Subsequently, on 15 March 20X2 the entity recognises dividends of 10,000 from previous operating profits as a liability.                                            </p>                     <p base="SL67035081" id="IAS12_P0338"><i>On 15 March 20X2, the entity recognises the recovery of income taxes of 1,500 (15% of the dividends recognised as a liability) as a current tax asset and as a reduction of current income tax expense for 20X2.</i></p>                   </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></variants></body></topic>