<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IAS12_8" base="SL29993"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>8</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS&#xa0;12"/><data name="paranum" value="8"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS12_P0051">The tax base of a liability is its carrying amount, less any amount that will be deductible for tax purposes in respect of that liability in future periods. In the case of revenue which is received in advance, the tax base of the resulting liability is its carrying amount, less any amount of the revenue that will not be taxable in future periods. </p><table id="IAS12_TAB0002" base="SL77434" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="5*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="95*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><thead><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" rowsep="1" align="left"> Examples</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0053" base="SL143783">1</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0054" base="SL143784">Current liabilities include accrued expenses with a carrying amount of 100. The related expense will be deducted for tax purposes on a cash basis. <i>The tax base of the accrued expenses is nil</i>.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0055" base="SL143785">2</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0056" base="SL143786">Current liabilities include interest revenue received in advance, with a carrying amount of 100. The related interest revenue was taxed on a cash basis. <i>The tax base of the interest received in advance is nil</i>.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0057" base="SL143787">3</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0058" base="SL143788">Current liabilities include accrued expenses with a carrying amount of 100. The related expense has already been deducted for tax purposes. <i>The tax base of the accrued expenses is 100</i>.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0059" base="SL143789">4</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0060" base="SL143790">Current liabilities include accrued fines and penalties with a carrying amount of 100. Fines and penalties are not deductible for tax purposes. <i>The tax base of the accrued fines and penalties is 100</i>.<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS12_FN0007" type="fn"/></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0061" base="SL143791">5</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0062" base="SL143792">A loan payable has a carrying amount of 100. The repayment of the loan will have no tax consequences. <i>The tax base of the loan is 100</i>.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>