<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IAS12_PRE"><title><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number"/>  <ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title"/></ph></title><body><p base="F17966594" id="IAS12_P0001">In April 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board       (Board) adopted IAS&#xa0;12&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Income           Taxes</ph></ph>, which had originally been issued by the International Accounting       Standards Committee in October 1996. IAS&#xa0;12&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Income Taxes</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced parts of IAS&#xa0;12&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for Income         Taxes</ph></ph>&#xa0;(issued in July 1979).</p><p base="F17966597" id="IAS12_P0002">In December 2010 the Board amended IAS&#xa0;12 to address an       issue that arises when entities apply the measurement principle in IAS&#xa0;12 to temporary       differences relating to investment properties that are measured at fair value. That amendment       also incorporated some guidance from a related Interpretation (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;21</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Income           Taxes&#x2014;Recovery of Revalued Non&#x2011;Depreciable Assets</ph></ph>).</p><variants id="IAS12_P0003">       <p base="F50920215" id="IAS12_P0003_V1">In January 2016 the Board           issued&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Recognition of             Deferred Tax Assets for Unrealised Losses</ph></ph>&#xa0;(Amendments to IAS&#xa0;12) to clarify         the requirements on recognition of deferred tax assets related to debt instruments measured         at fair value.</p>     </variants><bodydiv base="IAS2021-3"><p>In May 2021 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Deferred Tax related to Assets             and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction</ph></ph>. The amendments narrowed the         scope of the recognition exemption in paragraphs 15 and 24 of IAS 12 so that it no longer         applies to transactions that, on initial recognition, give rise to equal taxable and         deductible temporary differences.</p></bodydiv><p base="IASB-IAS2023-2">In May 2023 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">International Tax Reform&#x2014;Pillar           Two Model Rules</ph></ph>. The amendments introduced a temporary exception to the       requirements to recognise and disclose information about deferred tax assets and liabilities       related to Pillar Two income taxes. The amendments also introduced targeted disclosure       requirements for affected entities.</p><variants id="IAS12_P0004">                            <p base="F75097747" id="IAS12_P0004_V4">Other Standards have made         minor consequential amendments to IAS&#xa0;12. They include IFRS&#xa0;11&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Joint         Arrangements</ph></ph>&#xa0;(issued May 2011),&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Items of Other Comprehensive           Income</ph></ph>&#xa0;(Amendments to IAS&#xa0;1) (issued June 2011),&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment Entities</ph></ph>&#xa0;(Amendments to IFRS&#xa0;10,         IFRS&#xa0;12 and IAS&#xa0;27) (issued October 2012),&#xa0;IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;(Hedge Accounting and         amendments to IFRS&#xa0;9, IFRS&#xa0;7 and IAS&#xa0;39) (issued November 2013), IFRS&#xa0;15&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with             Customers</ph></ph>&#xa0;(issued May&#xa0;2014), IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;(issued July 2014),           IFRS&#xa0;16&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Leases</ph></ph>&#xa0;(issued January 2016),&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015&#x2013;2017           Cycle</ph></ph>&#xa0;(issued December 2017) and&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in             IFRS Standards</ph></ph>&#xa0;(issued March 2018).</p>     </variants></body></topic>