<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IAS12_0011"><title base="SL143740" id="IAS12_0011_TI" level="1">Objective</title><body><p base="F76641343" id="IAS12_P0006">The objective of this Standard is to prescribe the accounting treatment for income taxes . The principal issue in accounting for income taxes is how to account for the current and future tax consequences of: </p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL143742" id="IAS12_L0001" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="SL143744" id="IAS12_P0007">the future recovery (settlement) of the carrying amount of assets (liabilities) that are recognised in an entity’s statement of financial position; and</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="SL143746" id="IAS12_P0008">transactions and other events of the current period that are recognised in an entity’s financial statements.</p></li></ol><p base="F76641344" id="IAS12_P0009">It is inherent in the recognition of an asset or liability that the reporting entity expects to recover or settle the carrying amount of that asset or liability. If it is probable that recovery or settlement of that carrying amount will make future tax payments larger (smaller) than they would be if such recovery or settlement were to have no tax consequences, this Standard requires an entity to recognise a deferred tax liability (deferred tax asset), with certain limited exceptions. </p><p base="SL143748" id="IAS12_P0010">This Standard requires an entity to account for the tax consequences of transactions and other events in the same way that it accounts for the transactions and other events themselves. Thus, for transactions and other events recognised in profit or loss, any related tax effects are also recognised in profit or loss. For transactions and other events recognised outside profit or loss (either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity),  any related tax effects are also recognised outside profit or loss (either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively).  Similarly, the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities in a business combination  affects the amount of goodwill arising in that business combination or the amount of the bargain purchase gain recognised. </p><p base="SL143749" id="IAS12_P0011">This Standard also deals with the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses or unused tax credits, the presentation of income taxes in the financial statements and the disclosure of information relating to income taxes. </p></body></topic>