<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IAS12_26"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>26</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS&#xa0;12"/><data name="paranum" value="26"/></prolog><body><variant base="SL49513863" id="IAS12_26_V2">       <p id="IAS12_P0149">The following are examples of&#xa0;deductible temporary differences&#xa0;that result in&#xa0;deferred tax assets:&#xa0;</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="SL49513866" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS12_L0016"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL49513868" id="IAS12_P0150">retirement benefit costs may be deducted in determining&#xa0;accounting profit&#xa0;as service is provided by the employee,                          but deducted in determining&#xa0;taxable profit&#xa0;either when contributions are paid to a fund by the entity or when retirement benefits are paid by the entity. A&#xa0;temporary difference&#xa0;exists between the carrying amount of the liability and its&#xa0;tax base; the tax base of the liability is usually nil. Such a deductible temporary difference results in a deferred tax asset as economic benefits will flow to the entity in the form of a deduction from taxable profits when contributions or retirement benefits are paid;</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL49513876" id="IAS12_P0151">research costs are recognised as an expense in determining&#xa0;accounting profit&#xa0;in the period in which they are incurred                          but may not be permitted as a deduction in determining taxable profit (tax loss) until a later period. The&#xa0;difference between the tax base of the research costs, being the amount the taxation authorities will permit as a deduction in future periods, and the carrying amount of nil is a deductible temporary difference that results in a&#xa0;deferred tax asset;</p>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p base="SL49513882" id="IAS12_P0152">with limited exceptions, an entity recognises the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination at their fair values at the acquisition date.                          When a liability assumed is recognised at the acquisition date but the related costs are not deducted in determining taxable profits until a later period, a deductible temporary difference arises which results in a deferred tax asset. A deferred tax asset also arises when the fair value of an identifiable asset acquired is less than its tax base. In both cases, the resulting deferred tax asset affects goodwill (see&#xa0;<xref base="SL49513885" href="IAS12_66.dita#IAS12_66" id="IAS12_X0183">paragraph 66</xref>); and</p>         </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p base="SL49513887" id="IAS12_P0153">certain assets may be carried at fair value, or may be revalued, without an equivalent adjustment being made for tax purposes (see <xref base="F49513888" href="IAS12_g20-20.dita#IAS12_g20-20" id="IAS12_X0184">paragraph 20</xref>). A deductible temporary difference arises if the tax base of the asset exceeds its carrying amount.</p>         </li></ol>       <table base="SL46911094" frame="all" orient="port" id="IAS12_TAB0006"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1">                 Example illustrating paragraph&#xa0;26(d)                                </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry colname="C1">                 <p base="F50888715" id="IAS12_P0156">Identification of a&#xa0;deductible temporary difference&#xa0;at the end of Year&#xa0;2:</p>                 <p base="F50888716" id="IAS12_P0157">Entity&#xa0;A purchases for CU1,000, at the beginning of Year&#xa0;1, a debt instrument with a nominal value of CU1,000 payable on maturity in 5&#xa0;years with an interest rate of 2% payable at the end of each year. The effective interest rate is 2%. The debt instrument is measured at fair value.</p>               </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">                 <p base="F46911054" id="IAS12_P0158">At the end of Year&#xa0;2, the fair value of the debt instrument has decreased to CU918 as a result of an increase in market interest rates to 5%. It is probable that Entity A will collect all the contractual cash flows if it continues to hold the debt instrument.</p>               </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">                 <p base="F46911055" id="IAS12_P0159">Any gains (losses) on the debt instrument are taxable (deductible) only when realised. The gains (losses) arising on the sale or maturity of the debt instrument are calculated for tax purposes as the difference between the amount collected and the original cost of the debt instrument.</p>               </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">                 <p base="F46911056" id="IAS12_P0160">Accordingly, the&#xa0;tax base&#xa0;of the debt instrument is its original cost.</p>                 <p base="F46911057" id="IAS12_P0161"><i>The difference between the carrying amount of the debt instrument in Entity&#xa0;A&#x2019;s statement of financial position of CU918 and its tax base of CU1,000 gives rise to a deductible temporary difference of CU82 at the end of Year&#xa0;2 (see paragraphs&#xa0;20 and 26(d)), irrespective of whether Entity&#xa0;A expects to recover the carrying amount of the debt instrument by sale or by use, ie by holding it and collecting contractual cash flows, or a combination of both.</i></p>               </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">                 <p base="F46911058" id="IAS12_P0162"><i>This is because deductible temporary differences are differences between the carrying amount of an asset or liability in the statement of financial position and its tax base that will result in amounts that are deductible in determining&#xa0;taxable profit&#xa0;(tax loss) of future periods, when the carrying amount of the asset or liability is recovered or settled (see paragraph&#xa0;5). Entity A obtains a deduction equivalent to the tax base of the asset of CU1,000 in determining taxable profit (tax loss) either on sale or on maturity.</i></p>               </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>     </variant></body></paragraph>