<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS02_24" base="SL34576" principles="no"><paranum>24</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 2"/><data name="paranum" value="24"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS02_P0076">The requirements in <xref id="IFRS02_X0167" base="F753172" href="IFRS02_g16-25.dita#IFRS02_g16-25/IFRS02_g16-25_TI">paragraphs 16&#x2013;23</xref> apply when the entity is required to measure a share&#x2011;based payment transaction by reference to the <xref base="SL141007" href="IFRS02_APPA.dita#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0249">fair value<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0119"/></ph></xref> of the <xref base="SL141001" href="IFRS02_APPA.dita#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0245">equity instruments granted<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0103"/></ph></xref>. In rare cases, the entity may be unable to estimate reliably the fair value of the <xref base="SL140998" href="IFRS02_APPA.dita#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0243">equity instruments<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0102"/></ph></xref> granted at the measurement date, in accordance with the requirements in <xref id="IFRS02_X0168" base="F2-155" href="IFRS02_16.dita#IFRS02_16">paragraphs 16&#x2013;22</xref>. In these rare cases only, the entity shall instead: </p><ol id="IFRS02_L0005" base="SL140893" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS02_P0077" base="SL140895">measure the <xref base="SL140998" href="IFRS02_APPA.dita#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0243">equity instruments<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0102"/></ph></xref> at their <i><xref base="SL141013" href="IFRS02_APPA.dita#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0252">intrinsic value<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0200"/></ph></xref></i>, initially at the date the entity obtains the goods or the counterparty renders service and subsequently at the end of each reporting period and at the date of final settlement, with any change in intrinsic value recognised in profit or loss. For a grant of <xref base="SL141034" href="IFRS02_APPA.dita#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0290">share options<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0352"/></ph></xref>, the <xref base="SL141028" href="IFRS02_APPA.dita#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0282">share&#x2011;based payment arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0350"/></ph></xref> is finally settled when the options are exercised, are forfeited (eg upon cessation of employment) or lapse (eg at the end of the option&#x2019;s life).</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS02_P0078" base="SL140897">recognise the goods or services received based on the number of <xref base="SL140998" href="IFRS02_APPA.dita#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0243">equity instruments<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0102"/></ph></xref> that ultimately <xref base="SL141037" href="IFRS02_APPA.dita#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0291">vest<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0384"/></ph></xref> or (where applicable) are ultimately exercised. To apply this requirement to <xref base="SL141034" href="IFRS02_APPA.dita#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0290">share options<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0352"/></ph></xref>, for example, the entity shall recognise the goods or services received during the <xref base="SL141043" href="IFRS02_APPA.dita#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0296">vesting period<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0387"/></ph></xref>, if any, in accordance with <xref id="IFRS02_X0169" base="F753173" href="IFRS02_g14-15.dita#IFRS02_g14-15/IFRS02_g14-15_TI">paragraphs 14 and 15</xref>, except that the requirements in <xref id="IFRS02_X0170" base="F2-157" href="IFRS02_15.dita#IFRS02_15">paragraph 15(b)</xref> concerning a <xref base="SL141016" href="IFRS02_APPA.dita#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0254">market condition<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0236"/></ph></xref> do not apply. The amount recognised for goods or services received during the vesting period shall be based on the number of share options expected to vest. The entity shall revise that estimate, if necessary, if subsequent information indicates that the number of share options expected to vest differs from previous estimates. On vesting date, the entity shall revise the estimate to equal the number of equity instruments that ultimately vested. After vesting date, the entity shall reverse the amount recognised for goods or services received if the share options are later forfeited, or lapse at the end of the share option&#x2019;s life. </p></li></ol></body></paragraph>