<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="IFRS02_APPA"><title base="SL140988" id="IFRS02_APPA_TI">Appendix A<linebreak/>Defined terms</title><body><note type="note">       <p base="SL72847" id="IFRS02_P0239">This appendix is an integral part of the IFRS.</p>     </note><dl base="SL140989" id="IFRS02_D0001"><dlentry base="SL140990" id="IFRS02_DI0001"><dt base="SL44578" id="IFRS02_TE0001">cash&#x2011;settled share&#x2011;based payment transaction</dt><dd>           <p base="SL140992" id="IFRS02_P0240">A <b><xref base="SL141031" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0286">share&#x2011;based payment transaction<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0351"/></ph></xref></b> in which the entity acquires goods or services by incurring a liability to transfer cash or other assets to the supplier of those goods or services for amounts that are based on the price (or value) of <b><xref base="SL140998" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0243">equity instruments<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0102"/></ph></xref></b> (including shares or <b><xref base="SL141034" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0290">share options<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0352"/></ph></xref></b>) of the entity or another group entity.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL140993" id="IFRS02_DI0002"><dt base="SL44579" id="IFRS02_TE0002">employees and others providing similar services</dt><dd>           <p base="SL140995" id="IFRS02_P0242">Individuals who render personal services to the entity and either (a) the individuals are regarded as employees for legal or tax purposes, (b) the individuals work for the entity under its direction in the same way as individuals who are regarded as employees for legal or tax purposes, or (c) the services rendered are similar to those rendered by employees. For example, the term encompasses all management personnel, ie those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity, including non&#x2011;executive directors.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL74957523" id="IFRS02_DI0003_V2"><dt base="SL74957524" id="IFRS02_TE0004">equity instrument</dt><dd>           <p base="SL74957526" id="IFRS02_P0244">A contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS02_FN0016" type="fn"/></p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL140999" id="IFRS02_DI0004"><dt base="SL44581" id="IFRS02_TE0005">equity instrument granted</dt><dd>           <p base="SL141001" id="IFRS02_P0245">The right (conditional or unconditional) to an <b><xref base="SL140998" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0243">equity instrument<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0102"/></ph></xref></b> of the entity conferred by the entity on another party, under a <b><xref base="SL141028" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0282">share&#x2011;based payment arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0350"/></ph></xref></b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141002" id="IFRS02_DI0005"><dt base="SL44582" id="IFRS02_TE0006">equity&#x2011;settled share&#x2011;based payment transaction</dt><dd>           <p base="SL141004" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS02_P0246">A <b><xref base="SL141031" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0286">share&#x2011;based payment transaction<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0351"/></ph></xref></b> in which the entity</p>           <ol base="F9035700" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS02_L0027"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>               <p base="F9035701" id="IFRS02_P0247">receives goods or services as consideration for its own <b><xref base="SL140998" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0243">equity instruments<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0102"/></ph></xref></b> (including shares or <b><xref base="SL141034" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0290">share options<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0352"/></ph></xref></b>), or</p>             </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>               <p base="F9035703" id="IFRS02_P0248">receives goods or services but has no obligation to settle the transaction with the supplier.</p>             </li></ol>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141005" id="IFRS02_DI0006"><dt base="SL44583" id="IFRS02_TE0007">fair value</dt><dd>           <p base="SL141007" id="IFRS02_P0249">The amount for which an asset could be exchanged, a liability settled, or an <b><xref base="SL141001" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0245">equity instrument granted<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0103"/></ph></xref></b> could be exchanged, between knowledgeable, willing parties in an arm&#x2019;s length transaction.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141008" id="IFRS02_DI0007"><dt base="SL44584" id="IFRS02_TE0008">grant date</dt><dd>           <p base="SL141010" id="IFRS02_P0250">The date at which the entity and another party (including an employee) agree to a <b><xref base="SL141028" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0282">share&#x2011;based payment arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0350"/></ph></xref></b>, being when the entity and the counterparty have a shared understanding of the terms and conditions of the arrangement. At grant date the entity confers on the counterparty the right to cash, other assets, or <b><xref base="SL140998" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0243">equity instruments<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0102"/></ph></xref></b> of the entity, provided the specified <b><xref base="SL141040" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0292">vesting conditions<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0386"/></ph></xref></b>, if any, are met. If that agreement is subject to an approval process (for example, by shareholders), grant date is the date when that approval is obtained.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141011" id="IFRS02_DI0008"><dt base="SL44585" id="IFRS02_TE0009">intrinsic value</dt><dd>           <p base="SL141013" id="IFRS02_P0252">The difference between the <b><xref base="SL141007" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0249">fair value<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0119"/></ph></xref></b> of the shares to which the counterparty has the (conditional or unconditional) right to subscribe or which it has the right to receive, and the price (if any) the counterparty is (or will be) required to pay for those shares. For example, a <b><xref base="SL141034" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0290">share option<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0352"/></ph></xref></b> with an exercise price of CU15,<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS02_FN0017" type="fn"/> on a share with a fair value of CU20, has an intrinsic value of CU5.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL28984585" id="IFRS02_DI0009_V2"><dt base="SL28984586" id="IFRS02_TE0011">market condition</dt><dd>           <p base="SL28984588" id="IFRS02_P0256">A <b>performance condition</b>                          upon which the exercise price, vesting or exercisability of an <b><xref base="SL140998" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0243">equity instrument<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0102"/></ph></xref></b> depends that is related to the market price (or value) of the entity&#x2019;s <b>equity instruments</b> (or the equity instruments of another entity in the same group), such as:</p>           <ol base="F28984321" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS02_L0028"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>               <p base="F28984322" id="IFRS02_P0257">attaining a specified share price or a specified amount of <b><xref base="SL141013" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0252">intrinsic value<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0200"/></ph></xref></b> of a <b><xref base="SL141034" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0290">share option<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0352"/></ph></xref></b>; or</p>             </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>               <p base="F28984324" id="IFRS02_P0258">achieving a specified target that is based on the market price (or value) of the entity&#x2019;s <b>equity instruments</b> (or the equity instruments of another entity in the same group) relative to an index of market prices of <b>equity instruments</b> of other entities.</p>             </li></ol>                                 <p base="F28984666" id="IFRS02_P0261">A market condition requires the counterparty to complete a specified period of service (ie a <b><xref base="F28984704" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0281">service condition<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0347"/></ph></xref></b>); the service requirement can be explicit or implicit.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141017" id="IFRS02_DI0010"><dt base="SL44587" id="IFRS02_TE0012">measurement date</dt><dd>           <p base="SL141019" id="IFRS02_P0264">The date at which the <b><xref base="SL141007" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0249">fair value<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0119"/></ph></xref></b> of the <b><xref base="SL141001" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0245">equity instruments granted<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0103"/></ph></xref></b> is measured for the purposes of this IFRS. For transactions with <b><xref base="SL140995" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0242">employees and others providing similar services<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0099"/></ph></xref></b>, the measurement date is <b><xref base="SL141010" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0250">grant date<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0152"/></ph></xref></b>. For transactions with parties other than employees (and those providing similar services), the measurement date is the date the entity obtains the goods or the counterparty renders service.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F28984677" id="IFRS02_DI0011_V1"><dt base="F28984678" id="IFRS02_TE0013">performance condition</dt><dd>           <p base="F28984673" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS02_P0266">A <b>vesting condition</b> that requires:</p>           <ol base="F28984675" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS02_L0029"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>               <p base="F28984680" id="IFRS02_P0267">the counterparty to complete a specified period of service (ie a <b><xref base="F28984704" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0281">service condition<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0347"/></ph></xref></b>); the service requirement can be explicit or implicit;                                  and</p>             </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>               <p base="F28984684" id="IFRS02_P0268">specified performance target(s) to be met while the counterparty is rendering the service required in (a).</p>             </li></ol>           <p base="F28984685" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS02_P0269">The period of achieving the performance target(s):</p>           <ol base="F28984687" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS02_L0030"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>               <p base="F28984688" id="IFRS02_P0270">shall not extend beyond the end of the service period;                                  and</p>             </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>               <p base="F28984690" id="IFRS02_P0271">may start before the service period on the condition that the commencement date of the performance target is not substantially before the commencement of the service period.                                </p>             </li></ol>           <p base="F28984691" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS02_P0272">A performance target is defined by reference to:                        </p>           <ol base="F28984693" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS02_L0031"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>               <p base="F28984694" id="IFRS02_P0273">the entity&#x2019;s own operations (or activities) or the operations or activities of another entity in the same group (ie a non-market condition); or</p>             </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>               <p base="F28984696" id="IFRS02_P0274">the price (or value) of the entity&#x2019;s <b><xref base="SL140998" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0243">equity instruments<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0102"/></ph></xref></b> or the equity instruments of another entity in the same group (including shares and <b><xref base="SL141034" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0290">share options<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0352"/></ph></xref></b>) (ie a <b><xref base="SL28984588" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0256">market condition<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0236"/></ph></xref></b>).                                </p>             </li></ol>           <p base="F28984700" id="IFRS02_P0275">A performance target might relate either to the performance of the entity as a whole or to some part of the entity (or part of the group), such as a division or an individual employee.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141020" id="IFRS02_DI0012"><dt base="SL44588" id="IFRS02_TE0014">reload feature</dt><dd>           <p base="SL141022" id="IFRS02_P0277">A feature that provides for an automatic grant of additional <b><xref base="SL141034" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0290">share options<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0352"/></ph></xref></b> whenever the option holder exercises previously granted options using the entity&#x2019;s shares, rather than cash, to satisfy the exercise price.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141023" id="IFRS02_DI0013"><dt base="SL44589" id="IFRS02_TE0015">reload option</dt><dd>           <p base="SL141025" id="IFRS02_P0280">A new <b><xref base="SL141034" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0290">share option<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0352"/></ph></xref></b> granted when a share is used to satisfy the exercise price of a previous share option.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F28984710" id="IFRS02_DI0014_V1"><dt base="F28984711" id="IFRS02_TE0016">service condition</dt><dd>           <p base="F28984704" id="IFRS02_P0281">A <b><xref base="SL28984716" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0294">vesting condition<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0386"/></ph></xref></b> that requires the counterparty to complete a specified period of service during which services are provided to the entity. If the counterparty, regardless of the reason, ceases to provide service during the <b>vesting period</b>, it has failed to satisfy the condition. A service condition does not require a performance target to be met.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141026" id="IFRS02_DI0015"><dt base="SL44590" id="IFRS02_TE0017">share&#x2011;based payment arrangement</dt><dd>           <p base="SL141028" id="IFRS02_P0282">An agreement between the entity (or another group<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS02_FN0018" type="fn"/> entity or any shareholder of any group entity) and another party (including an employee) that entitles the other party to receive</p>           <ol base="F9035706" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS02_L0032"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>               <p base="F9035707" id="IFRS02_P0283">cash or other assets of the entity for amounts that are based on the price (or value) of <b><xref base="SL140998" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0243">equity instruments<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0102"/></ph></xref></b> (including shares or <b><xref base="SL141034" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0290">share options<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0352"/></ph></xref></b>) of the entity or another group entity, or</p>             </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>               <p base="F9035709" id="IFRS02_P0284"><b>equity instruments</b> (including shares or <b>share options</b>) of the entity or another group entity,</p>             </li></ol>           <p base="F9035710" id="IFRS02_P0285">provided the specified <b><xref base="SL141040" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0292">vesting conditions<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0386"/></ph></xref></b>, if any, are met.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141029" id="IFRS02_DI0016"><dt base="SL44591" id="IFRS02_TE0018">share&#x2011;based payment transaction</dt><dd>           <p base="SL141031" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS02_P0286">A transaction in which the entity </p>           <ol base="F9035712" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS02_L0033"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>               <p base="F9035713" id="IFRS02_P0287">receives goods or services from the supplier of those goods or services (including an employee) in a <b><xref base="SL141028" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0282">share&#x2011;based payment arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0350"/></ph></xref></b>, or</p>             </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>               <p base="F9035715" id="IFRS02_P0288">incurs an obligation to settle the transaction with the supplier in a <b>share&#x2011;based payment arrangement</b> when another group entity receives those goods or services.</p>             </li></ol>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141032" id="IFRS02_DI0017"><dt base="SL44592" id="IFRS02_TE0019">share option</dt><dd>           <p base="SL141034" id="IFRS02_P0290">A contract that gives the holder the right, but not the obligation, to subscribe to the entity&#x2019;s shares at a fixed or determinable price for a specified period of time.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141035" id="IFRS02_DI0018"><dt base="SL44593" id="IFRS02_TE0020">vest</dt><dd>           <p base="SL141037" id="IFRS02_P0291">To become an entitlement. Under a <b><xref base="SL141028" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0282">share&#x2011;based payment arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0350"/></ph></xref></b>, a counterparty&#x2019;s right to receive cash, other assets or <b><xref base="SL140998" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0243">equity instruments<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0102"/></ph></xref></b> of the entity vests when the counterparty&#x2019;s entitlement is no longer conditional on the satisfaction of any <b><xref base="SL141040" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0292">vesting conditions<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0386"/></ph></xref></b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL28984713" id="IFRS02_DI0019_V2"><dt base="SL28984714" id="IFRS02_TE0022">vesting condition</dt><dd>           <p base="SL28984716" id="IFRS02_P0294">A condition that determines whether the entity receives the services that entitle the counterparty to receive cash, other assets or <b><xref base="SL140998" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0243">equity instruments<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0102"/></ph></xref></b> of the entity, under a <b><xref base="SL141028" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0282">share&#x2011;based payment arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0350"/></ph></xref></b>. A vesting condition is either a <b><xref base="F28984704" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0281">service condition<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0347"/></ph></xref></b> or a <b><xref base="F28984673" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0266">performance condition<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0287"/></ph></xref></b>.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141041" id="IFRS02_DI0020"><dt base="SL44595" id="IFRS02_TE0023">vesting period</dt><dd>           <p base="SL141043" id="IFRS02_P0296">The period during which all the specified <b><xref base="SL141040" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0292">vesting conditions<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0386"/></ph></xref></b> of a <b><xref base="SL141028" href="#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0282">share&#x2011;based payment arrangement<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0350"/></ph></xref></b> are to be satisfied.</p>         </dd></dlentry></dl></body></topic>