<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS02_B25" base="SL34637" principles="no"><paranum>B25</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 2"/><data name="paranum" value="B25"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS02_P0333">Factors to consider in estimating expected volatility include: </p><ol id="IFRS02_L0036" base="SL141075" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS02_P0334" base="SL141077">implied volatility from traded <xref base="SL141034" href="IFRS02_APPA.dita#IFRS02_APPA/IFRS02_P0290">share options<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0352"/></ph></xref> on the entity&#x2019;s shares, or other traded instruments of the entity that include option features (such as convertible debt), if any.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS02_P0335" base="SL141079">the historical volatility of the share price over the most recent period that is generally commensurate with the expected term of the option (taking into account the remaining contractual life of the option and the effects of expected early exercise).</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS02_P0336" base="SL141081">the length of time an entity&#x2019;s shares have been publicly traded. A newly listed entity might have a high historical volatility, compared with similar entities that have been listed longer. Further guidance for newly listed entities is given below.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS02_P0337" base="SL141083">the tendency of volatility to revert to its mean, ie its long&#x2011;term average level, and other factors indicating that expected future volatility might differ from past volatility. For example, if an entity&#x2019;s share price was extraordinarily volatile for some identifiable period of time because of a failed takeover bid or a major restructuring, that period could be disregarded in computing historical average annual volatility.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS02_P0338" base="SL141085">appropriate and regular intervals for price observations. The price observations should be consistent from period to period. For example, an entity might use the closing price for each week or the highest price for the week, but it should not use the closing price for some weeks and the highest price for other weeks. Also, the price observations should be expressed in the same currency as the exercise price.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>