<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS01_BC99" base="F4009249" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC99</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 1" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC99" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS01_P4269" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">However, this proposal was criticised by respondents to ED 7 for the following reasons:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS01_L0103" base="F4009251" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p id="IAS01_P4270" base="F4009252" class="- topic/p ">The information is subjective and, thus, not comparable between entities. In particular, different entities will set internal targets for different reasons, so a breach of a requirement might signify different things for different entities. In contrast, a breach of an external requirement has similar implications for all entities required to comply with similar requirements.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p id="IAS01_P4271" base="F4009254" class="- topic/p ">Capital targets are not more important than other internally set financial targets, and to require disclosure only of capital targets would provide users with incomplete, and perhaps misleading, information.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p id="IAS01_P4272" base="F4009268" class="- topic/p ">Internal targets are estimates that are subject to change by the entity. It is not appropriate to require the entity’s performance against this benchmark to be disclosed.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>         <p id="IAS01_P4273" base="F4009270" class="- topic/p ">An internally set capital target can be manipulated by management. The disclosure requirement could cause management to set the target so that it would always be achieved, providing little useful information to users and potentially reducing the effectiveness of the entity’s capital management.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>