<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e30827" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IAS01_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4322" class="- topic/p ">Definition of IFRSs amended after the name changes introduced by the           revised Constitution of the IFRS Foundation in 2010.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0002" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4323" class="- topic/p ">In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for               Financial Reporting</ph></ph>. Paragraph 25 was superseded by Chapter 3 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual             Framework</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0004" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4325" class="- topic/p ">Paragraphs 15–24 contain references to the objective of financial           statements set out in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework [for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements]</ph></ph>.           In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for               Financial Reporting</ph></ph>, which replaced the objective of financial statements           with the objective of general purpose financial reporting: see Chapter 1 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual             Framework</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0008" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4329" class="- topic/p ">replaced by the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> in September 2010</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0020" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4341" class="- topic/p ">In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for               Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0025" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4374" class="- topic/p ">This means the share of associates’ profit attributable to owners of the           associates, ie it is after tax and non-controlling interests in the associates.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0026" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4375" class="- topic/p ">This means the share of associates’ gain (loss) on property revaluation           attributable to owners of the associates, ie it is after tax and non-controlling interests           in the associates.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0027" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4376" class="- topic/p ">The income tax relating to each item of other comprehensive income is           disclosed in the notes.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0028" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4377" class="- topic/p ">This illustrates the aggregated presentation, with disclosure of the           current year gain or loss and reclassification adjustment presented in the notes.           Alternatively, a gross presentation can be used.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0029" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4378" class="- topic/p ">This means the share of associates’ profit attributable to owners of the           associates, ie it is after tax and non-controlling interests in the associates.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0030" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4379" class="- topic/p ">This means the share of associates’ other comprehensive income           attributable to owners of the associates, ie it is after tax and non-controlling interests           in the associates. In this example, the other comprehensive income of associates consists           only of items that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss.  Entities whose associates’ other comprehensive           income includes items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss are required           by paragraph 82A(b) to present that amount in a separate line.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0031" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4380" class="- topic/p ">The income tax relating to each item of other comprehensive income is           disclosed in the notes.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0032" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4381" class="- topic/p ">This illustrates the aggregated presentation, with disclosure of the           current year gain or loss and reclassification adjustment presented in the notes.           Alternatively, a gross presentation can be used.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0033" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4382" class="- topic/p ">This means the share of associates’ profit attributable to owners of the           associates, ie it is after tax and non-controlling interests in the associates.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0034" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4383" class="- topic/p ">This means the share of associates’ other comprehensive income           attributable to owners of the associates, ie it is after tax and non-controlling interests           in the associates. In this example, the other comprehensive income of associates consists           only of items that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss.  Entities whose associates’ other comprehensive income includes           items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss are required by           paragraph 82A(b) to present that amount in a separate line.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0035" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4384" class="- topic/p ">The income tax relating to each item of other comprehensive income is           disclosed in the notes.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0036" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4385" class="- topic/p ">This illustrates the aggregated presentation, with disclosure of the           current year gain or loss and reclassification adjustment presented in the notes.           Alternatively, a gross presentation can be used.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0037" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4386" class="- topic/p ">This means the share of associates’ profit attributable to owners of the           associates, ie it is after tax and non-controlling interests in the associates.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0038" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4387" class="- topic/p ">This means the share of associates’ gain (loss) on property revaluation           attributable to owners of the associates, ie it is after tax and non-controlling interests           in the associates.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0039" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4388" class="- topic/p ">The income tax relating to each item of other comprehensive income is           disclosed in the notes.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0040" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4389" class="- topic/p ">This means the share of associates’ other comprehensive income           attributable to owners of the associates, ie it is after tax and non-controlling interests           in the associates. In this example, the other comprehensive income of associates consists           only of items that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss.  Entities whose associates’ other comprehensive           income includes items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss are required           by paragraph 82A(b) to present that amount in a separate line.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0041" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4390" class="- topic/p ">The income tax relating to each item of other comprehensive income is           disclosed in the notes.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0042" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4391" class="- topic/p ">This means the share of associates’ other comprehensive income           attributable to owners of the associates, ie it is after tax and non-controlling interests           in the associates. In this example, the other comprehensive income of associates consists           only of items that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss.  Entities whose associates’ other comprehensive           income includes items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss are required           by paragraph 82A(b) to present that amount in a separate line.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0043" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4392" class="- topic/p ">The income tax relating to each item of other comprehensive income is           disclosed in the notes.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0044" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4393" class="- topic/p ">This means the share of associates’ profit attributable to owners of the           associates, ie it is after tax and non-controlling interests in the associates.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0045" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4394" class="- topic/p ">This means the share of associates’ other comprehensive income           attributable to owners of the associates, ie it is after tax and non-controlling interests           in the associates. In this example, the other comprehensive income of associates consists           only of items that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss.  Entities whose associates’ other comprehensive income includes           items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss are required by paragraph           82A(b) to present that amount in a separate line.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0046" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4395" class="- topic/p ">The income tax relating to each item of other comprehensive income is           disclosed in the notes.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0047" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4396" class="- topic/p ">This illustrates the aggregated presentation, with disclosure of the           current year gain or loss and reclassification adjustment presented in the notes.           Alternatively, a gross presentation can be used.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0048" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4397" class="- topic/p ">This means the share of associates’ profit attributable to owners of the           associates, ie it is after tax and non-controlling interests in the associates.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0049" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4398" class="- topic/p ">This means the share of associates’ other comprehensive income           attributable to owners of the associates, ie it is after tax and non-controlling interests           in the associates. In this example, the other comprehensive income of associates consists           only of items that will not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss.  Entities whose associates’ other comprehensive           income includes items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss are required           by paragraph 82A(b) to present that amount in a separate line.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0050" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4399" class="- topic/p ">The income tax relating to each item of other comprehensive income is           disclosed in the notes.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0051" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4400" class="- topic/p ">When an entity chooses an aggregated presentation in the statement of           comprehensive income, the amounts for reclassification adjustments and current year gain           or loss are presented in the notes.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0052" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4401" class="- topic/p ">There was no disposal of a foreign operation. Therefore, there is no           reclassification adjustment for the years presented.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0053" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4402" class="- topic/p ">The income tax relating to each component of other comprehensive income           is disclosed in the notes.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0054" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4403" class="- topic/p ">When an entity chooses an aggregated presentation in the statement of           comprehensive income, the amounts for reclassification adjustments and current year gain           or loss are presented in the notes.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0055" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4404" class="- topic/p ">There was no disposal of a foreign operation. Therefore, there is no           reclassification adjustment for the years presented.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0056" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4405" class="- topic/p ">The income tax relating to each component of other comprehensive income           is disclosed in the notes.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0057" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4406" class="- topic/p ">The amount included in retained earnings for 20X6 of 53,200 represents           profit attributable to owners of the parent of 52,400 plus remeasurements of defined           benefit pension plans of 800 (1,333, less tax 333, less non-controlling interests           200).</p>         <p id="IAS01_P4407" class="- topic/p ">The amount included in the translation, available-for-sale and cash flow           hedge reserves represent other comprehensive income for each component, net of tax and           non-controlling interests, eg other comprehensive income related to available-for-sale           financial assets for 20X6 of 16,000 is 26,667, less tax 6,667, less non-controlling           interests 4,000.</p>         <p id="IAS01_P4408" class="- topic/p ">The amount included in the revaluation surplus of 1,600 represents the           share of other comprehensive income of associates of (700) plus gains on property           revaluation of 2,300 (3,367, less tax 667, less non-controlling interests 400). Other           comprehensive income of associates relates solely to gains or losses on property           revaluation.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0058" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4409" class="- topic/p ">The amount included in retained earnings for 20X7 of 96,600 represents           profit attributable to owners of the parent of 97,000 plus remeasurements of defined           benefit pension plans of 400 (667, less tax 167, less non-controlling interests 100).</p>         <p id="IAS01_P4410" class="- topic/p ">The amount included in the translation, available-for-sale and cash flow           hedge reserves represents other comprehensive income for each component, net of tax and           non-controlling interests, eg other comprehensive income related to the translation of           foreign operations for 20X7 of 3,200 is 5,334, less tax 1,334, less non-controlling           interests 800.</p>         <p id="IAS01_P4411" class="- topic/p ">The amount included in the revaluation surplus of 800 represents the           share of other comprehensive income of associates of 400 plus gains on property           revaluation of 400 (933, less tax 333, less non-controlling interests 200). Other           comprehensive income of associates relates solely to gains or losses on property           revaluation.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0059" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4412" class="- topic/p ">The amount included in retained earnings for 20X6 of 53,200 represents           profit attributable to owners of the parent of 52,400 plus remeasurements of defined           benefit pension plans of 800 (1,333, less tax 333, less non-controlling interests           200).</p>         <p id="IAS01_P4413" class="- topic/p ">The amount included in the translation, investments in equity           instruments and cash flow hedge reserves represent other comprehensive income for each           component, net of tax and non-controlling interests, eg other comprehensive income related           to investments in equity instruments for 20X6 of 16,000 is 26,667, less tax 6,667, less           non-controlling interests 4,000.</p>         <p id="IAS01_P4414" class="- topic/p ">The amount included in the revaluation surplus of 1,600 represents the           share of other comprehensive income of associates of (700) plus gains on property           revaluation of 2,300 (3,367, less tax 667, less non-controlling interests 400). Other           comprehensive income of associates relates solely to gains or losses on property           revaluation.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0060" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4415" class="- topic/p ">The amount included in retained earnings for 20X7 of 96,600 represents           profit attributable to owners of the parent of 97,000 plus remeasurements of defined           benefit pension plans of 400 (667, less tax 167, less non-controlling interests 100).</p>         <p id="IAS01_P4416" class="- topic/p ">The amount included in the translation, investments in equity           instruments and cash flow hedge reserves represents other comprehensive income for each           component, net of tax and non-controlling interests, eg other comprehensive income related           to the translation of foreign operations for 20X7 of 3,200 is 5,334, less tax 1,334, less           non-controlling interests 800.</p>         <p id="IAS01_P4417" class="- topic/p ">The amount included in the revaluation surplus of 800 represents the           share of other comprehensive income of associates of 400 plus gains on property           revaluation of 400 (933, less tax 333, less non-controlling interests 200). Other           comprehensive income of associates relates solely to gains or losses on property           revaluation.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0061" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4418" class="- topic/p ">IASC did not publish a Basis for Conclusions.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0062" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4419" class="- topic/p ">In January 2008 the IASB issued an amended IAS 27 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated and Separate               Financial Statements</ph></ph>, which amended ‘minority interest’ to ‘non‑controlling           interests’. The consolidation requirements in IAS 27 were superseded by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F16164876" id="IAS01_X1028" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated                 Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. The term ‘non‑controlling           interests’ and the requirements for non‑controlling interests were not changed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0063" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4420" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> are to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the               Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in           2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for               Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0064" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4421" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> in this Basis for Conclusions are to           the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for               the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the           Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was revised and amended.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0065" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4422" class="- topic/p ">In 2006 the IASB issued IFRS 8 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Operating Segments</ph></ph>. As explained in paragraphs           BC46 and BC47 of the Basis for Conclusions on IFRS 8, that IFRS includes an exemption from           some requirements if the necessary information is not available and the cost to develop it           would be excessive.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0066" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4423" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced           IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39. This           paragraph refers to matters relevant when IAS 1 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0067" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4424" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced           IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39. This           paragraph refers to matters relevant when IAS 1 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0068" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4425" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial           Instruments</ph></ph> eliminated the category of available-for-sale financial assets. This           paragraph refers to matters relevant when IAS 1 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0069" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4426" class="- topic/p ">In January 2008 the IASB issued an amended IAS 27 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated and Separate               Financial Statements</ph></ph>, which amended ‘minority interest’ to ‘non‑controlling           interests’. The consolidation requirements in IAS 27 were superseded by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F16164915" id="IAS01_X1029" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated                 Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. The term ‘non‑controlling           interests’ and the requirements for non‑controlling interests were not changed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0070" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4427" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial           Instruments</ph></ph> eliminated the category of available-for-sale financial assets. This           paragraph refers to matters relevant when IAS 1 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0071" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4428" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial           Instruments</ph></ph> eliminated the category of held-to-maturity financial assets. This           paragraph refers to matters relevant when IAS 1 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0072" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4429" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value and contains           the requirements for measuring fair value. </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0073" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4430" class="- topic/p ">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> is to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the               Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in           2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for               Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0074" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4431" class="- topic/p ">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> is to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the               Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board           in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was revised.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0075" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4432" class="- topic/p ">Amended to paragraph 11 when the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Preface to IFRS Standards</ph></ph> was revised and           renamed in December 2018.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0076" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_P4433" class="- topic/p ">References to the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conceptual Framework</i> in this Dissent are to             the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework               for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>, issued in 2010 and in effect when the Standard was           amended.</p>       </fn> <fn id="IAS01_BC13A_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_BC13A_FN0001_P0001" class="- topic/p ">A Feedback Statement summarising the feedback from that           forum and from the Board’s related survey on financial reporting disclosure is available           on the IFRS Foundation website at           http://www.ifrs.org/-/media/project/disclosure-initative/feedback-statement-discussion-forum-financial-reporting-disclosure-may-2013.pdf.</p>       </fn> <fn id="IAS01_BC13H_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_BC13H_FN0001_P0001" class="- topic/p ">The wording in paragraph 2.11 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual             Framework</ph></ph> is: ‘Information is material if omitting it or misstating it could           influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial reports make on           the basis of those reports, which provide financial information about a specific reporting           entity’.</p>       </fn> <fn id="IAS01_BC13H_FN0002" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_BC13H_FN0001_P0002" class="- topic/p ">Financial statements are a type of financial report.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_BC76C_BC76F_FN0001" base="IAS2021-2" class="- topic/fn ">         <p id="IAS01_BC76C_BC76F_FN0001_P0001" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Disclosure of Accounting Policies</ph></ph>, issued in           February 2021, amended <xref href="IAS01_117.dita#IAS01_117" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 117–122 of IAS             1</xref>, which now refer to ‘material accounting policy information’.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>