<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS01_BC76D" base="F38871534" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC76D</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 1" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC76D" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS01_P4229" class="- topic/p ">The Board also noted the requirement in paragraph 113 of IAS 1 for entities to, as far as practicable, present the notes in a systematic manner. In the Board’s view, this means that there must be a system or reason behind the ordering and grouping of the notes. For example, notes could be ordered by importance to the entity, in the order line items are presented in the financial statements or a combination of both. The Board amended paragraph 113 to clarify that an entity should consider the effect on the understandability and comparability of its financial statements when determining the order of the notes. The Board acknowledged that there is a trade-off between understandability and comparability; for example, ordering notes to increase understandability could mean that comparability, including consistency, between entities and periods is reduced. In particular, the Board acknowledged that consistency in the order of the notes for a specific entity from period to period is important. The Board noted that it would generally be helpful for users of financial statements if the ordering of notes by an entity is consistent and noted that it does not expect the order of an entity’s notes to change frequently. A change in the order of the notes previously determined to be an optimal mix of understandability and comparability should generally result from a specific event or transaction, such as a change in business. The Board also noted that the existing requirements in paragraph 45 of IAS 1 for consistency of presentation still apply.</p></body></paragraph>