<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS01_DO2_a" base="F18669978" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">DO2</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 1" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="DO2" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS01_P4318" class="- topic/p ">Mr Pacter believes that ideally this project should have provided guidance, to the Board and to those who use IFRSs, on which items of income and expense (if any) should be presented as items of other comprehensive income (OCI) and which of those (if any) should subsequently be recycled through profit or loss. Mr Pacter acknowledges and accepts that this project has a more short-term goal – ‘to improve the consistency and clarity of the presentation of items of OCI’. He believes that this project fails to deliver on that objective, for the following reasons:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS01_L0106" base="F18669985" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4319" base="F18669986" class="- topic/p ">Consistency is not achieved because the standard allows choice between presenting performance in a single performance statement or two performance statements. Users of financial statements—and the Board itself—have often said that accounting options are not helpful for understandability and comparability of financial statements.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4320" base="F18669988" class="- topic/p ">Clarity is not achieved because allowing two performance statements is inconsistent with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>. The <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> defines two types of items that measure an entity’s performance—income and expenses. Mr Pacter believes that all items of income and expense should be presented in a single performance statement with appropriate subtotals (including profit or loss, if that can be defined) and supporting disclosures. This is consistent with reporting all assets and liabilities in a single statement of financial position, rather than multiple statements. Unfortunately, neither IAS 1 nor any other IFRS addresses criteria for which items are presented in OCI. And the recent history of which items are presented in OCI suggests that the decisions are based more on expediency than conceptual merit. In Mr Pacter’s judgement, that is all the more reason to have all items of income and expense reported in a single performance statement.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>