<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS01_BC95" base="F4009207" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC95</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 1" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC95" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS01_P4258" class="- topic/p ">However, the Board noted the following arguments against requiring disclosure of externally imposed entity‑specific capital requirements.</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS01_L0102" base="F4009209" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4259" base="F4009210" class="- topic/p ">Users of financial statements might rely primarily on the regulator’s assessment of solvency risk without making their own risk assessment.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4260" base="F4009212" class="- topic/p ">The focus of a regulator’s risk assessment is for those whose interests the regulations are intended to protect (eg depositors or policyholders). This emphasis is different from that of a shareholder. Thus, it could be misleading to suggest that the regulator’s risk assessment could, or should, be a substitute for independent analysis by investors.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4261" base="F4009214" class="- topic/p ">The disclosure of entity‑specific capital requirements imposed by a regulator might undermine that regulator’s ability to impose such requirements. For example, the information could cause depositors to withdraw funds, a prospect that might discourage regulators from imposing requirements. Furthermore, an entity’s regulatory dialogue would become public, which might not be appropriate in all circumstances.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4262" base="F4009236" class="- topic/p ">Because different regulators have different tools available, for example formal requirements and moral suasion, a requirement to disclose entity‑specific capital requirements could not be framed in a way that would lead to the provision of information that is comparable across entities.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4263" base="F4009238" class="- topic/p ">Disclosure of capital requirements (and hence, regulatory judgements) could hamper clear communication to the entity of the regulator’s assessment by creating incentives to use moral suasion and other informal mechanisms.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4264" base="F4009240" class="- topic/p ">Disclosure requirements should not focus on entity‑specific capital requirements in isolation, but should focus on how entity‑specific capital requirements affect how an entity manages and determines the adequacy of its capital resources.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4265" base="F4009242" class="- topic/p ">A requirement to disclose entity‑specific capital requirements imposed by a regulator is not part of Pillar 3 of the Basel II Framework developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>