<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS01_BC38G" base="F38871492" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC38G</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 1" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC38G" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS01_P4112" class="- topic/p ">The Board therefore included additional requirements in IAS 1 to help entities apply paragraphs 55 and 85. These additional requirements supplement the existing guidance on fair presentation in paragraphs 15 and 17 of IAS 1. They are designed to clarify the factors that should be considered when fairly presenting subtotals in the statement of financial position and the statement(s) of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. Specifically, the subtotal should:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS01_L0090" base="F38871493" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4113" base="F38871495" class="- topic/p ">be comprised of line items made up of amounts recognised and measured in accordance with IFRS.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4114" base="F38871497" class="- topic/p ">be understandable. It should be clear what line items are included in the subtotal by the way that the subtotal is presented and labelled. For example, if an entity presents a commonly reported subtotal, but excludes items that would normally be considered as part of that subtotal, the label should reflect what has been excluded.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4115" base="F38871499" class="- topic/p ">be consistent from period to period. The subtotal should be consistently presented and calculated from period to period (in accordance with paragraph 45 of IAS 1), subject to possible changes in accounting policy or estimates assessed in accordance with IAS 8.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS01_P4116" base="F38871501" class="- topic/p ">not be displayed with more prominence than those subtotals and totals required in IFRS for either the statement(s) of profit or loss and other comprehensive income or the statement of financial position.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>