<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_B21" base="F55667100" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B21</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B21" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS17_P0599" class="- topic/p ">The additional amounts described in <xref href="IFRS17_B18.dita#IFRS17_B18" id="IFRS17_X0552" base="F59236127" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B18</xref> refer to the present value of amounts that exceed those that would be payable if no insured event had occurred (excluding scenarios that lack commercial substance). Those additional amounts include claims handling and assessment costs, but exclude: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS17_L0103" base="F55667102" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P0600" base="F55667103" class="- topic/p ">the loss of the ability to charge the policyholder for future service. For example, in an investment-linked life insurance contract, the death of the policyholder means that the entity can no longer perform investment management services and collect a fee for doing so. However, this economic loss for the entity does not result from insurance risk, just as a mutual fund manager does not take on insurance risk in relation to the possible death of a client. Consequently, the potential loss of future investment management fees is not relevant when assessing how much insurance risk is transferred by a contract.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P0601" base="F55667105" class="- topic/p ">a waiver, on death, of charges that would be made on cancellation or surrender. Because the contract brought those charges into existence, their waiver does not compensate the policyholder for a pre-existing risk. Consequently, they are not relevant when assessing how much insurance risk is transferred by a contract.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P0602" base="F55667107" class="- topic/p ">a payment conditional on an event that does not cause a significant loss to the holder of the contract. For example, consider a contract that requires the issuer to pay CU1 million<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS17_FN0001" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> if an asset suffers physical damage that causes an insignificant economic loss of CU1 to the holder. In this contract, the holder transfers the insignificant risk of losing CU1 to the issuer. At the same time, the contract creates a non‑insurance risk that the issuer will need to pay CU999,999 if the specified event occurs. Because there is no scenario in which an insured event causes a significant loss to the holder of the contract, the issuer does not accept significant insurance risk from the holder and this contract is not an insurance contract.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P0603" base="F55667109" class="- topic/p ">possible reinsurance recoveries. The entity accounts for these separately.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>