<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_B66" base="F55667335" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B66</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B66" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv base="IFRS2020-3" class="- topic/bodydiv ">     <p id="IFRS17_P0725" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The following cash flows shall not be included when estimating the cash flows that will arise as the entity fulfils an existing insurance contract: </p>     <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS17_L0119" base="F55667337" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0726" base="F55667338" class="- topic/p ">investment returns. Investments are recognised, measured and presented separately.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0727" base="F55667340" class="- topic/p ">cash flows (payments or receipts) that arise under reinsurance contracts held. Reinsurance contracts held are recognised, measured and presented separately.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0728" base="F55667343" class="- topic/p ">cash flows that may arise from future insurance contracts, ie cash flows outside the boundary of existing contracts (see <xref href="IFRS17_34.dita#IFRS17_34" id="IFRS17_X0615" base="F59236303" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 34–35</xref>).</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0729" base="F55667345" class="- topic/p ">cash flows relating to costs that cannot be directly attributed to the portfolio of insurance contracts that contain the contract, such as some product development and training costs. Such costs are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0730" base="F55667347" class="- topic/p ">cash flows that arise from abnormal amounts of wasted labour or other resources that are used to fulfil the contract. Such costs are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0731" base="F55667349" class="- topic/p ">income tax payments and receipts the insurer does not pay or receive in a fiduciary capacity or that are not specifically chargeable to the policyholder under the terms of the contract.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0732" base="F55667351" class="- topic/p ">cash flows between different components of the reporting entity, such as policyholder funds and shareholder funds, if those cash flows do not change the amount that will be paid to the policyholders.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(h)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0733" base="F55667353" class="- topic/p ">cash flows arising from components separated from the insurance contract and accounted for using other applicable Standards (see <xref href="IFRS17_g10-13.dita#IFRS17_g10_13/IFRS17_g10_13_TI" id="IFRS17_X0617" base="F59236304" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 10–13</xref>).</p>       </li></ol></bodydiv></body></paragraph>