<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_B65" base="F55667304" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B65</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B65" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv base="IFRS2020-3" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="IFRS17_P0710" class="- topic/p ">Cash flows within the boundary of an insurance contract are those that relate directly to the fulfilment of the contract, including cash flows for which the entity has discretion over the amount or timing.                  The cash flows within the boundary include: </p>       <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS17_L0118" base="F55667306" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0711" base="F55667307" class="- topic/p ">premiums (including premium adjustments and instalment premiums) from a policyholder and any additional cash flows that result from those premiums.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0712" base="F55667309" class="- topic/p ">payments to (or on behalf of) a policyholder, including claims that have already been reported but have not yet been paid (ie reported claims), incurred claims for events that have occurred but for which claims have not been reported and all future claims for which the entity has a substantive obligation (see <xref href="IFRS17_34.dita#IFRS17_34" id="IFRS17_X0612" base="F59236252" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 34</xref>).</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0713" base="F55667311" class="- topic/p ">payments to (or on behalf of) a policyholder that vary depending on returns on underlying items.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0714" base="F55667313" class="- topic/p ">payments to (or on behalf of) a policyholder resulting from derivatives, for example, options and guarantees embedded in the contract, to the extent that those options and guarantees are not separated from the insurance contract (see <xref href="IFRS17_11.dita#IFRS17_11" id="IFRS17_X0613" base="F59236302" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 11(a)</xref>).</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0715" base="F55667315" class="- topic/p ">an allocation of insurance acquisition cash flows attributable to the portfolio to which the contract belongs.</p>                    </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0717" base="F55667317" class="- topic/p ">claim handling costs (ie the costs the entity will incur in investigating, processing and resolving claims under existing insurance contracts, including legal and loss-adjusters’ fees and internal costs of investigating claims and processing claim payments).</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0718" base="F55667319" class="- topic/p ">costs the entity will incur in providing contractual benefits paid in kind.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(h)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0719" base="F55667322" class="- topic/p ">policy administration and maintenance costs, such as costs of premium billing and handling policy changes (for example, conversions and reinstatements). Such costs also include recurring commissions that are expected to be paid to intermediaries if a particular policyholder continues to pay the premiums within the boundary of the insurance contract.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0720" base="F55667325" class="- topic/p ">transaction-based taxes (such as premium taxes, value added taxes and goods and services taxes) and levies (such as fire service levies and guarantee fund assessments) that arise directly from existing insurance contracts, or that can be attributed to them on a reasonable and consistent basis.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(j)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0721" base="F55667327" class="- topic/p ">payments by the insurer in a fiduciary capacity to meet tax obligations incurred by the policyholder, and related receipts.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(k)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0722" base="F55667330" class="- topic/p ">potential cash inflows from recoveries (such as salvage and subrogation) on future claims covered by existing insurance contracts and, to the extent that they do not qualify for recognition as separate assets, potential cash inflows from recoveries on past claims.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ka)</li_value>           <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">costs the entity will incur:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>               <p class="- topic/p ">performing investment activity, to the extent the entity performs that activity to enhance benefits from insurance coverage for policyholders. Investment activities enhance benefits from insurance coverage if the entity performs those activities expecting to generate an investment return from which policyholders will benefit if an insured event occurs.</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>               <p class="- topic/p ">providing investment-return service to policyholders of insurance contracts without direct participation features (see <xref href="IFRS17_B199B.dita" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B119B</xref>).</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>               <p class="- topic/p ">providing investment-related service to policyholders of insurance contracts with direct participation features.</p>             </li></ol>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(l)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0723" base="F55667332" class="- topic/p ">an allocation of fixed and variable overheads (such as the costs of accounting, human resources, information technology and support, building depreciation, rent, and maintenance and utilities) directly attributable to fulfilling insurance contracts. Such overheads are allocated to groups of contracts using methods that are systematic and rational, and are consistently applied to all costs that have similar characteristics.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(m)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0724" base="F55667334" class="- topic/p ">any other costs specifically chargeable to the policyholder under the terms of the contract.</p>         </li></ol>     </bodydiv></body></paragraph>