<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_B26" base="F55667119" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B26</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B26" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS17_P0608" class="- topic/p ">The following are examples of contracts that are insurance contracts if the transfer of insurance risk is significant: </p><ol outputclass="static" base="F55667121" id="IFRS17_L0104" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="F55667122" id="IFRS17_P0609" class="- topic/p ">insurance against theft or damage.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="F55667124" id="IFRS17_P0610" class="- topic/p ">insurance against product liability, professional liability, civil liability or legal expenses.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p base="F55667127" id="IFRS17_P0611" class="- topic/p ">life insurance and prepaid funeral plans (although death is certain, it is uncertain when death will occur or, for some types of life insurance, whether death will occur within the period covered by the insurance).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p base="F55667129" id="IFRS17_P0612" class="- topic/p ">life-contingent annuities and pensions, ie contracts that provide compensation for the uncertain future event—the survival of the annuitant or pensioner—to provide the annuitant or pensioner with a level of income that would otherwise be adversely affected by his or her survival. (Employers’ liabilities that arise from employee benefit plans and retirement benefit obligations reported by defined benefit retirement plans are outside the scope of IFRS 17, applying <xref href="IFRS17_7.dita#IFRS17_7" base="F59236131" id="IFRS17_X0557" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 7(b)</xref>).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p base="F55667131" id="IFRS17_P0613" class="- topic/p ">insurance against disability and medical costs.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value> <p base="F55667133" id="IFRS17_P0614" class="- topic/p ">surety bonds, fidelity bonds, performance bonds and bid bonds, ie contracts that compensate the holder if another party fails to perform a contractual obligation; for example, an obligation to construct a building.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value> <p base="F55667135" id="IFRS17_P0615" class="- topic/p ">product warranties. Product warranties issued by another party for goods sold by a manufacturer, dealer or retailer are within the scope of IFRS 17. However, product warranties issued directly by a manufacturer, dealer or retailer are outside the scope of IFRS 17 applying <xref href="IFRS17_7.dita#IFRS17_7" base="F59236132" id="IFRS17_X0558" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 7(a)</xref>, and are instead within the scope of <xref href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001/IFRS15_TOC0001_V2" base="F60594396" id="IFRS17_X0559" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 15</xref> or <xref href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" base="F60594397" id="IFRS17_X0560" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 37 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph></xref>.</p> </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(h)</li_value> <p base="F55667138" id="IFRS17_P0617" class="- topic/p ">title insurance (insurance against the discovery of defects in the title to land or buildings that were not apparent when the insurance contract was issued). In this case, the insured event is the discovery of a defect in the title, not the defect itself.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p base="F55667140" id="IFRS17_P0618" class="- topic/p ">travel insurance (compensation in cash or in kind to policyholders for losses suffered in advance of, or during, travel).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(j)</li_value> <p base="F55667142" id="IFRS17_P0619" class="- topic/p ">catastrophe bonds that provide for reduced payments of principal, interest or both, if a specified event adversely affects the issuer of the bond (unless the specified event does not create significant insurance risk; for example, if the event is a change in an interest rate or a foreign exchange rate).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(k)</li_value> <p base="F55667144" id="IFRS17_P0620" class="- topic/p ">insurance swaps and other contracts that require a payment depending on changes in climatic, geological or other physical variables that are specific to a party to the contract.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>