<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17_edu_footnotes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Edu Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <fn base="IFRS17_119" id="EDUFN_ad2022_june_ifrs17" class="- topic/fn ">                  <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about a group of annuity contracts. The request asked           how an entity determines the amount of the contractual service margin to recognise in           profit or loss in a period because of the transfer of insurance coverage for survival in           that period.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Fact pattern</b></p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The request described a group of annuity contracts under           which the policyholder of each contract:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">pays the premium up front and has no right to cancel the             contract or seek a refund;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">receives a periodic payment from the start of the annuity             period for as long as the policyholder survives (for example, a fixed amount of CU100             for each year that the policyholder survives); and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">receives no other services under the contract (for example,             no other types of insurance coverage or investment-return service).</p></li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">The fact pattern referred to groups of contracts for which the annuity period starts           immediately after contract inception (‘immediate annuity’) and also those for which the           annuity period starts on a specified date after contract inception (‘deferred           annuity’)—for example, a contract entered into in 2022 for which the annuity period starts           in 2042.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Applicable requirements in IFRS 17</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 44(e) of IFRS 17 requires an entity to adjust the carrying amount of the           contractual service margin for the amount recognised as insurance revenue because of the           transfer of insurance contract services in the period. The entity determines this amount           by allocating the contractual service margin over the current and remaining coverage           period applying paragraph B119 of IFRS 17.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph B119 of IFRS 17 states that an entity recognises in profit or loss in each           period an amount of the contractual service margin to reflect the insurance contract           services provided under the group of insurance contracts in that period. The amount is           determined by:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">identifying the coverage units in the group. The number of             coverage units in a group is the quantity of insurance contract services provided by             the contracts in the group, determined by considering for each contract the quantity             of the benefits provided under a contract and its expected coverage period.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">allocating the contractual service margin at the end of the             period equally to each coverage unit provided in the current period and expected to be             provided in the future.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">recognising in profit or loss the amount allocated to             coverage units provided in the period.</p></li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">The definition of insurance contract services in Appendix A to IFRS 17 describes           insurance coverage as ‘coverage for an insured event’. An insured event is defined as ‘an           uncertain future event covered by an insurance contract that creates insurance risk’.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Methods for applying the requirements           to the fact pattern</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The request sets out two methods of determining, for each contract in the group, the           quantity of the benefits of insurance coverage provided in the current period and expected           to be provided in the future.</p>         <p class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Method 1</i></p>         <div class="- topic/div ">           <table outputclass="ruled" frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_1" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Current period</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Expected to be provided in the future</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry "><p class="- topic/p ">Determined based on the annuity payment the policyholder is able to                     validly claim in the current period.</p></entry><entry class="- topic/entry "><p class="- topic/p ">Determined based on the present value of the annuity payments the                     policyholder is expected to be able to validly claim in the future until the                     end of the coverage period (the balance of the expected future annuity                     payments as at the end of the current period).</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>         </div>         <p class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Method 2</i></p>         <div class="- topic/div ">           <table outputclass="ruled" frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_2" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry ">Current period</entry><entry class="- topic/entry ">Expected to be provided in the future</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry class="- topic/entry "><p class="- topic/p ">Determined based on the total of: (i) the annuity payment the                     policyholder is able to validly claim in the current period, and (ii) the                     present value of the annuity payments the policyholder is expected to be able                     to validly claim in the future until the end of the coverage period (the                     balance of the expected future annuity payments as at the end of the current                     period).</p></entry><entry class="- topic/entry "><p class="- topic/p ">Determined based on the present value of the balances of the expected                     future annuity payments as at the beginning of each future period, until the                     end of the coverage period.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>         </div>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Applying paragraph B119 of IFRS 17</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Applying paragraph B119(a) of IFRS 17, an entity:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">identifies the insurance contract services to be provided             under the group of contracts. In the fact pattern described in the request, insurance             coverage for survival is the only insurance contract service provided under the group             of contracts.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">considers the expected coverage period for each contract in             the group. In the fact pattern described in the request, the expected coverage period             would reflect the entity’s expectations of how long the policyholder will             survive.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">considers the quantity of the benefits provided under each             contract in the group.</p></li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">IFRS 17 does not prescribe a method for determining the quantity of the benefits provided           under a contract. Instead, an entity is required to use a method that meets the principle           in paragraph B119 of reflecting the insurance contract services provided in each period.           In selecting a method that meets that principle, an entity considers (a) the benefits           provided to the policyholder under a contract with respect to the insurance contract           services provided, and (b) when those benefits are provided. Different methods may achieve           the principle depending on the facts and circumstances.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In the fact pattern described in the request, the terms of           the annuity contract provide the policyholder with the right to claim a periodic amount           (CU100 in the example) from the start of the annuity period for as long as the           policyholder survives. Consequently, the Committee observed that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the benefits provided to the policyholder under the contract             with respect to the insurance coverage for survival are the policyholder’s right to             claim a periodic amount for as long as they survive. The policyholder also benefits             from transferring to the entity the risk related to the uncertainty about how long             they will survive. However, IFRS 17 requires an entity to account for that insurance             risk in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk, separately from the contractual             service margin.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the benefits of being able to claim a periodic amount are             provided to the policyholder in each year of the policyholder’s survival from the             start of the annuity period:</p>             <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">i.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the policyholder has no right to claim an amount for                 surviving in periods before the start of the annuity period. The entity accepts                 insurance risk from inception of the contract but provides no benefits to the                 policyholder in the form of amounts that can be claimed until the annuity period                 starts. Paragraphs BC140–BC141 of the Basis for Conclusions on IFRS 17 explain                 that an entity can accept insurance risk before it is obliged to perform an                 insurance coverage service.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">ii.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">survival in one year does not provide the policyholder                 with the right to claim amounts that compensate the policyholder for surviving in                 future years; that is, the policyholder’s right to claim amounts in future years                 is contingent on the policyholder surviving in those future years.</p></li></ol>           </li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee’s conclusion</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that, in applying IFRS 17 to determine the quantity of the           benefits of insurance coverage for survival provided under each annuity contract, a method           based on:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the amount of the annuity payment the policyholder is able             to validly claim (Method 1) meets the principle in paragraph B119 of IFRS 17 of             reflecting the insurance coverage provided in each period by:</p>             <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">i.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">assigning a quantity of the benefits only to periods in                 which an insured event (survival of the policyholder) can occur, resulting in a                 policyholder having a right to make a valid claim; and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">ii.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">aligning the quantity of the benefits provided in a                 period with the amount the policyholder is able to validly claim if an insured                 event occurs in that period.</p></li></ol>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the present value of expected future annuity payments             (Method 2) does not meet the principle in paragraph B119 of IFRS 17 of reflecting the             insurance coverage provided in each period because it would:</p>             <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">i.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">assign a quantity of the benefits to periods in which no                 insured event occurs (for example, to the deferral period of a deferred annuity                 contract); and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">ii.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">misrepresent the quantity of the benefits provided in a                 period by considering amounts the policyholder is able to claim and benefit from                 only in future periods.</p></li></ol>           </li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">The request asked only about the recognition of the contractual service margin in profit           or loss. For the annuity contracts described in the request, the entity accepts insurance           risk related to the uncertainty about how long the policyholder will survive. The           Committee noted that the entity would apply other requirements in IFRS 17 to recognise in           profit or loss—separately from the contractual service margin—the risk adjustment for           non-financial risk. The risk adjustment for non-financial risk represents the compensation           the entity requires for bearing the uncertainty about the amount and timing of the cash           flows that arise from non-financial risk. The Committee did not discuss these other           requirements.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Under a group of annuity contracts, an entity could provide other insurance contract           services to policyholders in addition to insurance coverage for survival—for example,           insurance coverage for death in a deferral period or an investment-return service. The           conclusion in this agenda decision applies to insurance coverage for survival, regardless           of other services provided. If the contracts provide other insurance contract services,           the entity would also need to consider the pattern of transfer of these services to the           policyholder.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Accounting Standards           provide an adequate basis for an issuer of a group of annuity contracts as described in           the request to determine the amount of the contractual service margin to recognise in           profit or loss in a period because of the transfer of insurance coverage for survival in           that period. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project to           the work plan.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IFRS17_14" id="EDUFN_ad2022_september_ifrs17_14" class="- topic/fn ">                  <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about how an entity           accounts for insurance contracts with cash flows in more than one currency.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The request asked:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">whether an entity considers currency exchange rate risks when applying IFRS 17 to               identify portfolios of insurance contracts; and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">how an entity applies IAS 21 in conjunction with IFRS 17 in measuring a group of               insurance contracts with cash flows in more than one currency (a multi-currency group               of insurance contracts).</p></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p ">Identifying portfolios of insurance contracts</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">IFRS 17 requires an entity to recognise and measure groups of insurance contracts. The           first step in establishing groups of insurance contracts is to identify portfolios of           insurance contracts. Paragraph 14 of IFRS 17 states that ‘a portfolio comprises contracts           subject to similar risks and managed together’. The request asks whether currency exchange           rate risks are among the risks an entity considers when assessing whether insurance           contracts are ‘subject to similar risks’. </p>         <p class="- topic/p ">IFRS 17 defines financial risk and insurance risk (a non-financial risk). Financial risk           is defined to include ‘the risk of a possible future change in … [a] currency exchange           rate’. When IFRS 17 requires an entity to consider or reflect only particular types of           risk (for example, only non-financial risk), it explicitly refers to the risks to be           considered or reflected. </p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Therefore, the Committee concluded that, because paragraph 14 of IFRS 17 refers to           ‘similar risks’ without specifying any particular types of risk, an entity is required to           consider all risks—including currency exchange rate risks—when identifying portfolios of           insurance contracts. However, ‘similar risks’ does not mean ‘identical risks’. Therefore,           an entity could identify portfolios of contracts that include contracts subject to           different currency exchange rate risks. The Committee observed that what an entity           considers to be ‘similar risks’ will depend on the nature and extent of the risks in the           entity’s insurance contracts.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">...</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Conclusion</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">In the light of its analysis, the Committee considered whether to add to the work plan a           standard-setting project on how to account for the foreign currency aspects of insurance           contracts. The Committee observed that it has not obtained evidence that such a project           would be sufficiently narrow in scope that the International Accounting Standards Board           (IASB) or the Committee could address it in an efficient manner. Consequently, the           Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project to the work plan.</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IFRS17_30" id="EDUFN_ad2022_september_ifrs17_30" class="- topic/fn ">                  <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about how an entity           accounts for insurance contracts with cash flows in more than one currency.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The request asked:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">whether an entity considers currency exchange rate risks when applying IFRS 17 to               identify portfolios of insurance contracts; and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">how an entity applies IAS 21 in conjunction with IFRS 17 in measuring a group of               insurance contracts with cash flows in more than one currency (a multi-currency group               of insurance contracts).</p></li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">...</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p ">Measuring a multi-currency group of insurance contracts</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">An entity measures a group of insurance contracts at the total of the fulfilment cash           flows and the contractual service margin. Paragraph 30 of IFRS 17 states that ‘when           applying IAS 21 … to a group of insurance contracts that generate cash flows in a foreign           currency, an entity shall treat the group of contracts, including the contractual service           margin, as a monetary item’.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 8 of IAS 21 defines monetary items as ‘units of currency held and assets and           liabilities to be received or paid in a fixed or determinable number of units of currency’           and paragraph 20 describes a foreign currency transaction as ‘a transaction that is           denominated or requires settlement in a foreign currency’. Paragraphs 21–24 of IAS 21           require an entity:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">to recognise on initial recognition a foreign currency               transaction in the functional currency at the spot exchange rate at the date of the               transaction;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">to determine the carrying amount of a monetary item in               conjunction with other relevant IFRS Accounting Standards; and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">to translate at the end of the reporting period foreign               currency monetary items into the functional currency using the closing rate.</p></li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">The requirements in both IFRS 17 and IAS 21 refer to transactions or items that are           denominated or require settlement in a single currency. IFRS Accounting Standards include           no explicit requirements on how to determine the currency denomination of transactions or           items with cash flows in more than one currency.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Therefore, the Committee observed that, in measuring a multi-currency group of insurance           contracts, an entity: </p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">applies all the measurement requirements in IFRS 17 to the               group of insurance contracts, including the requirement in paragraph 30 to treat the               group—including the contractual service margin—as a monetary item.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">applies IAS 21 to translate at the end of the reporting period the carrying amount of               the group—including the contractual service margin—into the entity’s functional               currency at the closing rate (or rates).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">uses its judgement to develop and apply an accounting               policy that determines on initial recognition the currency or currencies in which the               group—including the contractual service margin—is denominated (currency denomination).               The entity could determine that the group—including the contractual service margin—is               denominated in a single currency or in the multiple currencies of the cash flows in               the group. </p></li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">The entity develops an accounting policy on currency denomination that results in           information that is relevant and reliable (as described in paragraph 10 of IAS 8             <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</i>) and is applied           consistently for similar transactions, other events and conditions (paragraph 13 of IAS           8). The accounting policy is developed based on the entity’s specific circumstances and           the terms of the contracts in the group. The entity cannot simply presume that the           contractual service margin for the group is denominated in the functional currency. Such a           presumption would, in effect, fail to treat the contractual service margin as a monetary           item as required by paragraph 30 of IFRS 17.</p>         <p class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Single-currency denomination versus multi-currency denomination</i></p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The entity’s accounting policy on currency denomination determines which effects of           changes in exchange rates are changes in financial risk accounted for applying IFRS 17 and           which of these effects are exchange differences accounted for applying IAS 21. </p>         <p class="- topic/p ">A single-currency denomination treats:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" id="ol_cdy_cqr_lvb" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">changes in exchange rates between the currency of the cash               flows and the currency of the group of contracts as changes in financial risk that an               entity accounts for applying IFRS 17; and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">changes in exchange rates between the currency of the group               of contracts and the functional currency as exchange differences that an entity               accounts for applying IAS 21.</p></li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">A multi-currency denomination treats all changes in exchange rates as exchange           differences that an entity accounts for applying IAS 21.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">In applying IFRS 17, there is a single contractual service margin for the group of           insurance contracts. Appendix A to IFRS 17 defines the contractual service margin as           representing ‘the unearned profit the entity will recognise as it provides insurance           contract services under the insurance contracts in the group.’ Accordingly, under a           multi-currency denomination, the entity would:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">assess whether the group of contracts is onerous               considering the contractual service margin as a single amount.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">prevent the carrying amount of the contractual service               margin being negative by, when necessary to do so, recognising a loss.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">determine the amount of the contractual service margin to               recognise in profit or loss by applying a single method of determining the coverage               units provided in the current period and expected to be provided in the future to the               amounts denominated in the multiple currencies. This would result in the entity               allocating each of the currency amounts of the contractual service margin translated               into the functional currency equally to each coverage unit.</p></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p ">Conclusion</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">In the light of its analysis, the Committee considered whether to add to the work plan a           standard-setting project on how to account for the foreign currency aspects of insurance           contracts. The Committee observed that it has not obtained evidence that such a project           would be sufficiently narrow in scope that the International Accounting Standards Board           (IASB) or the Committee could address it in an efficient manner. Consequently, the           Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project to the work plan.</p>       </fn>     </bodydiv></body></topic>