<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS28_3" base="F16124074" principles="yes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">3</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 28" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="3" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body outputclass="bold" class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS28_P0015" class="- topic/p ">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings specified: </p><p base="F16124075" id="IAS28_P0016" class="- topic/p ">An <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">associate</i> is an entity over which the investor has significant influence.</p><p base="F16124089" id="IAS28_P0017" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Consolidated financial statements</i> are the financial statements of a group in which assets, liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows of the parent and its subsidiaries are presented as those of a single economic entity.</p><p base="F16124092" id="IAS28_P0018" class="- topic/p ">The <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">equity method</i> is a method of accounting whereby the investment is initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter for the post-acquisition change in the investor’s share of the investee’s net assets. The investor’s profit or loss includes its share of the investee’s profit or loss and the investor’s other comprehensive income includes its share of the investee’s other comprehensive income.</p><p base="F16124095" id="IAS28_P0019" class="- topic/p ">A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">joint arrangement</i> is an arrangement of which two or more parties have joint control.</p><p base="F16124097" id="IAS28_P0020" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Joint control</i> is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.            </p><p base="F16124099" id="IAS28_P0021" class="- topic/p ">A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">joint venture</i> is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.</p><p base="F16124101" id="IAS28_P0022" class="- topic/p ">A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">joint venturer</i> is a party to a joint venture that has joint control of that joint venture.</p><p base="F16124103" id="IAS28_P0023" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Significant influence</i> is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control of those policies.            </p></body></paragraph>