<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS24_BC37" base="SL9061223" principles="no"><paranum>BC37</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 24"/><data name="paranum" value="BC37"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS24_P0372">Some respondents reasoned that the exemption should not apply to transactions between members of a group that is controlled by a government, for example between a government&#x2011;related entity and its parent or its fellow subsidiaries. Those respondents noted that the relationship within such a group might sometimes be closer and more influential than between government&#x2011;related entities in an environment where government control is pervasive. However, for the following reasons the Board concluded that the exemption should also apply within such groups:</p><ol id="IAS24_L0036" base="SL9061224" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS24_P0373" base="SL9061226">Sometimes, requiring disclosure in such cases would negate the purpose of the exemption and could lead to significant differences in the level of disclosure when the substance of the relationships and transactions could be very similar. For example, suppose one government controls all entities directly but another government has similar entities and controls them all through a single holding company. The entities controlled by the first government would all qualify for the exemption but those controlled by the second government would not.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS24_P0374" base="SL9061228">Requiring disclosure in such cases would place considerable pressure on the definition of the boundary between government and entities controlled by the government. For example, suppose a government controls entities through an intermediate institution. It would be necessary to determine whether that institution is an entity controlled by the government (in which case the exemption would not apply) or part of the government (in which case the exemption would apply). This may be answered easily if the institution is a company incorporated under normal company law that simply happens to have the government as a controlling shareholder. It may be less clear if the institution is, for example, a government agency or department.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>