<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS24_BC34" base="SL9061201" principles="no"><paranum>BC34</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 24"/><data name="paranum" value="BC34"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS24_P0361">Subsequently concerns were raised that in environments where government control is pervasive, compliance with IAS 24 was problematic. To address those concerns, the 2007 ED proposed an exemption from the disclosure requirements now in paragraph 18 of IAS 24 for government&#x2011;related entities. In developing that proposal, the Board noted the following:</p><ol id="IAS24_L0033" base="SL9061202" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS24_P0362" base="SL9061204">It can be difficult to identify other government&#x2011;related entities, particularly in jurisdictions with a large number of such entities. Such entities might not even be aware that an entity with which they have transactions is a related party.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS24_P0363" base="SL9061206">For these transactions, the cost of meeting the requirements in IAS 24 was not always offset by the benefit of increased information for users of financial statements. More specifically:</p> <ol id="IAS24_L0034" base="SL9061207" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS24_P0364" base="SL12079568">extensive disclosures were required for transactions that are unaffected by the relationship;</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS24_P0365" base="SL12079570">if some entities are not aware that their transactions are with other government&#x2011;related entities, the disclosures provided would be incomplete; and</p></li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value> <p id="IAS24_P0366" base="SL12079572">transactions that are affected by the relationship might well be obscured by excessive disclosures about unaffected transactions.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS24_P0367" base="SL9061215">Some governments establish subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates to compete with each other. In this case, transactions between such entities are likely to be conducted as if they are unrelated parties.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>