<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="IFRS09_IG_C.6"><title base="F32868395" id="IFRS09_IG_C.6_TI" level="2">C.6 Embedded derivatives: synthetic instruments</title><body><p base="F32868396" id="IFRS09_P4975"><b>Entity A issues a five-year floating rate debt instrument. At the same time, it enters into a five-year pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swap with Entity B. Entity A regards the combination of the debt instrument and swap as a synthetic fixed rate instrument. Entity A contends that separate accounting for the swap is inappropriate since <xref base="F71049106" href="IFRS09_B4.3.8.dita#IFRS09_B4.3.8" id="IFRS09_X1895">paragraph B4.3.8(a) of IFRS 9</xref> requires an embedded derivative to be classified together with its host instrument if the derivative is linked to an interest rate that can change the amount of contractual interest that would otherwise be paid or received on the host debt contract. Is the entity&#x2019;s analysis correct?</b></p><p base="F32868398" id="IFRS09_P4976">No. Embedded derivative instruments are terms and conditions that are included in non-derivative host contracts. It is generally inappropriate to treat two or more separate financial instruments as a single combined instrument (&#x2018;synthetic instrument&#x2019; accounting) for the purpose of applying IFRS 9. Each of the financial instruments has its own terms and conditions and each may be transferred or settled separately. Therefore, the debt instrument and the swap are classified separately. The transactions described here differ from the transactions discussed in Question B.6, which had no substance apart from the resulting interest rate swap.</p></body></topic>