<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS41_B16" base="SL33518"><paranum>B16</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 41"/><data name="paranum" value="B16"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS41_P0761">Further, those who support fair value measurement cite reasons for concluding that fair value has greater relevance, reliability, comparability, and understandability as a measurement of future economic benefits expected from biological assets than historical cost, including: </p><ol id="IAS41_L0027" base="SL155324" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS41_P0762" base="SL155326">many biological assets are traded in active markets with observable market prices. Active markets for these assets provide a reliable measure of market expectations of future economic benefits. The presence of such markets significantly increases the reliability of market value as an indicator of fair value;</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS41_P0763" base="SL155328">measures of the cost of biological assets are sometimes less reliable than measures of fair value because joint products and joint costs can create situations in which the relationship between inputs and outputs is ill&#x2011;defined, leading to complex and arbitrary allocations of cost between the different outcomes of biological transformation. Such allocations become even more arbitrary if biological assets generate additional biological assets (offspring) and the additional biological assets are also used in the entity&#x2019;s own agricultural activity;</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS41_P0764" base="SL155330">relatively long and continuous production cycles, with volatility in both the production and market environment, mean that the accounting period often does not depict a full cycle. Therefore, period&#x2011;end measurement (as opposed to time of transaction) assumes greater significance in deriving a measure of current period financial performance or position. The less significant current year harvest is in relation to total biological transformation, the greater the significance of period&#x2011;end measures of asset change (growth and degeneration). In relatively high turnover, short production cycle, highly controlled agricultural systems (for example, broiler chicken or mushroom production) in which the majority of biological transformation and harvesting occurs within a year, the relationship between cost and future economic benefits appears more stable. This apparent stability does not alter the relationship between current market value and future economic benefits, but it makes the difference in measurement method less significant; and</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS41_P0765" base="SL155332">different sources of replacement animals and plants (home&#x2011;grown or purchased) give rise to different costs in a historical cost approach. Similar assets should give rise to similar expectations with regard to future benefits. Considerably enhanced comparability and understandability result when similar assets are measured and reported using the same basis.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>