<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS21_8" base="SL30918" principles="yes"><paranum>8</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 21"/><data name="paranum" value="8"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS21_P0022">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings specified: </p><p id="IAS21_P0023" base="SL147523"><i>Closing rate</i> is the <xref base="SL147534" href="#IAS21_8/IAS21_P0041">spot exchange rate<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0356"/></ph></xref> at the end of the reporting period.</p><p id="IAS21_P0024" base="SL147524"><i>Exchange difference</i> is the difference resulting from translating a given number of units of one currency into another currency at different <xref base="SL147525" href="#IAS21_8/IAS21_P0025">exchange rates<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0109"/></ph></xref>.</p><p id="IAS21_P0025" base="SL147525"><i>Exchange rate</i> is the ratio of exchange for two currencies.</p><p id="IAS21_P0026" base="SL147526"><i>Fair value</i> is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. (See IFRS 13 <i>Fair Value Measurement</i>.)</p><p id="IAS21_P0027" base="SL147527"><i>Foreign currency</i> is a currency other than the <xref base="SL147529" href="#IAS21_8/IAS21_P0029">functional currency<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0144"/></ph></xref> of the entity.</p><p id="IAS21_P0028" base="SL147528"><i>Foreign operation</i> is an entity that is a subsidiary, associate, joint arrangement or branch of a reporting entity, the activities of which are based or conducted in a country or currency other than those of the reporting entity.</p><p id="IAS21_P0029" base="SL147529"><i>Functional currency</i> is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates.</p><p id="IAS21_P0033" base="SL147530">A <i>group</i> is a parent and all its subsidiaries.</p><p id="IAS21_P0034" base="SL147531"><i>Monetary items</i> are units of currency held and assets and liabilities to be received or paid in a fixed or determinable number of units of currency.</p><p id="IAS21_P0037" base="SL147532"><i>Net investment in a foreign operation</i> is the amount of the reporting entity&#x2019;s interest in the net assets of that operation.</p><p id="IAS21_P0040" base="SL147533"><i>Presentation currency</i> is the currency in which the financial statements are presented.</p><p id="IAS21_P0041" base="SL147534"><i>Spot exchange rate</i> is the <xref base="SL147525" href="#IAS21_8/IAS21_P0025">exchange rate<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0109"/></ph></xref> for immediate delivery.</p></body></paragraph>