<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="PS2_33" base="F60693312" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">33</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="33" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="PS2_P0143" class="- topic/p ">The steps identified as a possible approach to the assessment of materiality in the preparation of the financial statements are, in summary:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="PS2_L0004" base="F60693314" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="PS2_P0144" base="F60693315" class="- topic/p "><xref href="PS2_g35-39.dita#PS2_g35_39/PS2_g35_39_TI" id="PS2_X0083" base="F74599445" class="- topic/xref ">Step 1</xref>—identify. Identify information that has the potential to be material. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="PS2_P0145" base="F60693317" class="- topic/p "><xref href="PS2_g40-55.dita#PS2_g40_55/PS2_g40_55_TI" id="PS2_X0085" base="F74599446" class="- topic/xref ">Step 2</xref>—assess. Assess whether the information identified in Step 1 is, in fact, material. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="PS2_P0146" base="F60693319" class="- topic/p "><xref href="PS2_g56-59.dita#PS2_g56_59/PS2_g56_59_TI" id="PS2_X0087" base="F74599447" class="- topic/xref ">Step 3</xref>—organise. Organise the information within the draft financial statements in a way that communicates the information clearly and concisely to primary users. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="PS2_P0147" base="F60693335" class="- topic/p "><xref href="PS2_g60-65.dita#PS2_g60_65/PS2_g60_65_TI" id="PS2_X0089" base="F74599448" class="- topic/xref ">Step 4</xref>—review. Review the draft financial statements to determine whether all material information has been identified and materiality considered from a wide perspective and in aggregate, on the basis of the complete set of financial statements. </p></li></ol></body></paragraph>