<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="PS2_10" base="F60594742" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">10</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="10" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="PS2_P0051" class="- topic/p ">An entity need not provide a disclosure specified by an IFRS Standard if the information resulting from that disclosure is not material. This is the case even if the Standard contains a list of specific disclosure requirements or describes them as ‘minimum requirements’. Conversely, the entity must consider whether to provide information not specified by IFRS Standards if that information is necessary for primary users to understand the impact of particular transactions, other events and conditions on the entity’s financial position, financial performance and cash flows.<xref keyref="footnotes/PS2_FN0012" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL60594908" frame="all" id="PS2_TAB0002" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="0" colwidth="10*" rowsep="0" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0052" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example B—materiality judgements on disclosures specified by IFRS Standards</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="SL60594909" id="PS2_P0053" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p> <p base="SL60594911" id="PS2_P0054" class="- topic/p ">An entity presents property, plant and equipment (PP&amp;E) as a separate line item in its statement of financial position.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="SL60594912" id="PS2_P0055" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application</b></p> <p base="SL60594915" id="PS2_P0056" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001/IAS16_TOC0001_V2" base="F65372132" id="PS2_X0065" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> sets out specific disclosure requirements for PP&amp;E, including the disclosure of the amount of contractual commitments for the acquisition of PP&amp;E (<xref href="../ias16/IAS16_74.dita#IAS16_74" base="F62008212" id="PS2_X0066" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 74(c) of IAS 16</xref>).</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="SL60594916" id="PS2_P0057" class="- topic/p ">When preparing its financial statements, the entity assesses whether disclosures specified in IAS 16 are material information. Even if PP&amp;E is presented as a separate line item in the statement of financial position, not all disclosures specified in IAS 16 will automatically be required. In the absence of any qualitative considerations (see <xref href="../ias16/IAS16_46.dita#IAS16_46" base="F62008213" id="PS2_X0067" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 46–51</xref>), if the amount of contractual commitments for the acquisition of PP&amp;E is not material, the entity is not required to disclose this information.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL60594917" frame="all" id="PS2_TAB0003" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="0" colwidth="10*" rowsep="0" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0058" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example C—materiality judgements that lead to the disclosure of information in addition to the specific disclosure requirements in IFRS Standards</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="SL60594918" id="PS2_P0059" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p> <p base="SL60594920" id="PS2_P0060" class="- topic/p ">An entity has its main operations in a country that, as part of an international agreement, is committed to introducing regulations to reduce the use of carbon‑based energy. The regulations had not yet been enacted in the national legislation of that country at the end of the reporting period.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="SL60594921" id="PS2_P0061" class="- topic/p ">The entity owns a coal‑fired power station in that country. During the reporting period, the entity recorded an impairment loss on its coal‑fired power station, reducing the carrying amount of the power station to its recoverable amount. No goodwill or intangible assets with an indefinite useful life were included in the cash‑generating unit.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="SL60594922" id="PS2_P0062" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application</b></p> <p base="F60594747" id="PS2_P0063" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ias36/IAS36_132.dita#IAS36_132" base="F62008214" id="PS2_X0068" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 132 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 36</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph></xref> does not require an entity to disclose the assumptions used to determine the recoverable amount of a tangible asset, unless goodwill or intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are included in the carrying amount of the cash‑generating unit.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="F60594749" id="PS2_P0064" class="- topic/p ">Nevertheless, the entity has concluded that the assumptions about the likelihood of national enactment of regulations to reduce the use of carbon‑based energy, as well as about the enactment plan, it considered in measuring the recoverable amount of its coal‑fired power station could reasonably be expected to influence decisions primary users make on the basis of the entity’s financial statements. Hence, information about those assumptions is necessary for primary users to understand the impact of the impairment on the entity’s financial position, financial performance and cash flows. Therefore, even though not specifically required by <xref href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001/IAS36_TOC0001_V2" base="F62008215" id="PS2_X0069" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 36</xref>, the entity concludes that its assumptions about the likelihood of national enactment of regulations to reduce the use of carbon‑based energy, as well as about the enactment plan, constitute material information and discloses those assumptions in its financial statements.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>