<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="PS2_80" base="F60792830" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">80</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="80" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="PS2_P0293" class="- topic/p ">An entity must correct cumulative errors if they have become material to the current‑period financial statements.</p><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL60792835" frame="all" id="PS2_TAB0016" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="0" colwidth="10*" rowsep="0" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0296" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example O—current‑period assessment of cumulative errors</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="SL60792838" id="PS2_P0297" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p> <p base="F60792832" id="PS2_P0298" class="- topic/p ">An entity, three years ago, purchased a plant. The plant has a useful life of 50 years and a residual value amounting to 20 per cent of the plant cost. The entity started to use the plant three years ago, but has not recognised any depreciation for it (cumulative error). In each prior period, the entity assessed the error of not depreciating its plant as being individually and cumulatively immaterial to the financial statements for that period. There is no indication that the materiality judgements of prior periods were wrong.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="F60792833" id="PS2_P0299" class="- topic/p ">In the current period, the entity started depreciating the plant.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="F60792834" id="PS2_P0300" class="- topic/p ">In the same period, the entity experienced a significant reduction in profitability (the type of circumstance referred to in <xref href="PS2_79.dita#PS2_79" base="F62009491" id="PS2_X0141" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 79(a) of the Practice Statement</xref>).</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="F61189732" id="PS2_P0301" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application</b></p> <p base="F60792854" id="PS2_P0302" class="- topic/p ">When making its materiality judgements in the preparation of the current-period financial statements, the entity concluded that the cumulative error was material to the current-period financial statements.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="F60792857" id="PS2_P0303" class="- topic/p ">In this scenario, the entity does not need to revisit the materiality assessments it made in prior periods.  However, because in the current period the cumulative error has become material to the current-period financial statements, the entity must apply the requirements in <xref href="../ias08/IAS08_TOC.dita#IAS08_TOC0001" base="F62009492" id="PS2_X0143" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 8</xref> to correct it. </p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>