<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="PS2_0005" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title base="F60793354" id="PS2_0005_TI" level="1" class="- topic/title ">Extracts from <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></title><body class="- topic/body "><variants id="PS2_UN0023" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">              <bodydiv id="PS2_UN0023_V2" class="- topic/bodydiv ">         <p base="F60793355" id="PS2_P0419" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_g7-8A.dita#IAS01_g7_8A/IAS01_g7_8A_TI" base="F65372480" id="PS2_X0187" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 7</xref></b></p>         <p base="F60793358" id="PS2_P0420" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_g5-7.dita#PS2_g5_7/PS2_g5_7_TI" base="F65372482" id="PS2_X0189" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 5</xref>, <xref href="PS2_41.dita#PS2_41" base="F65372483" id="PS2_X0190" class="- topic/xref ">41</xref> and <xref href="PS2_g60-65.dita#PS2_g60_65/PS2_g60_65_TI" base="F65372484" id="PS2_X0191" class="- topic/xref ">60</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>         <lq class="- topic/lq ">           <p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Material</i>:</b></p>           <p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Information is material if omitting, misstating or obscuring it could reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements which provide financial information about a specific reporting entity.</b></p>           <p class="- topic/p ">Materiality depends on the nature or magnitude of information, or both. An entity assesses whether information, either individually or in combination with other information, is material in the context of its financial statements taken as a whole.</p>         </lq>       </bodydiv>     </variants><variants id="PS2_UN0024" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">              <bodydiv id="PS2_UN0024_V2" class="- topic/bodydiv ">         <p base="F60793362" id="PS2_P0422" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_g7-8A.dita#IAS01_g7_8A/IAS01_g7_8A_TI" base="F65372486" id="PS2_X0192" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 7</xref></b></p>         <p base="F60793364" id="PS2_P0423" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_6.dita#PS2_6" base="F65372487" id="PS2_X0193" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 6</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>         <lq class="- topic/lq ">           <p class="- topic/p ">Assessing whether information could reasonably be expected to influence decisions made by the primary users of a specific reporting entity’s general purpose financial statements requires an entity to consider the characteristics of those users while also considering the entity’s own circumstances. […] At times, even well informed and diligent users may need to seek the aid of an adviser to understand information about complex economic phenomena.</p>         </lq>       </bodydiv>     </variants><variants id="PS2_UN0025" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">              <bodydiv base="F75327135" id="PS2_UN0025_V2" class="- topic/bodydiv ">         <p base="F60793366" id="PS2_P0425" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_g15-24.dita#IAS01_g15_24/IAS01_g15_24_TI" base="F65372488" id="PS2_X0194" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 15</xref></b></p>         <p base="F60793368" id="PS2_P0426" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_62.dita#PS2_62" base="F65372529" id="PS2_X0195" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 62</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>         <lq class="- topic/lq ">           <p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Financial statements shall present fairly the financial position, financial performance and cash flows of an entity. Fair presentation requires the faithful representation of the effects of transactions, other events and conditions in accordance with the definitions and recognition criteria for assets, liabilities, income and expenses set out in the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</i> (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conceptual Framework</i>). The application of IFRSs, with additional disclosure when necessary, is presumed to result in financial statements that achieve a fair presentation.</b></p>         </lq>       </bodydiv>     </variants><bodydiv base="F60793376" id="PS2_UN0026" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F60793371" id="PS2_P0429" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_17.dita#IAS01_17" base="F65372530" id="PS2_X0196" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 17</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793374" id="PS2_P0430" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_g10-10.dita#PS2_g10_10/PS2_g10_10_TI" base="F65372531" id="PS2_X0197" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 10</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq class="- topic/lq ">         <p id="PS2_P0431" class="- topic/p ">In virtually all circumstances, an entity achieves a fair presentation by compliance with applicable IFRSs. A fair presentation also requires an entity:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F60793378" id="PS2_L0019" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>             <p base="F60793379" id="PS2_P0432" class="- topic/p ">to select and apply accounting policies in accordance with <xref href="../ias08/IAS08_TOC.dita#IAS08_TOC0001" base="F65372532" id="PS2_X0198" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph></xref>. IAS 8 sets out a hierarchy of authoritative guidance that management considers in the absence of an IFRS that specifically applies to an item.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>             <p base="F60793382" id="PS2_P0433" class="- topic/p ">to present information, including accounting policies, in a manner that provides relevant, reliable, comparable and understandable information.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>             <p base="F60793394" id="PS2_P0434" class="- topic/p ">to provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific requirements in IFRSs is insufficient to enable users to understand the impact of particular transactions, other events and conditions on the entity’s financial position and financial performance.</p>           </li></ol>       </lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="F60793398" id="PS2_UN0027" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F60793395" id="PS2_P0435" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_g29-31.dita#IAS01_g29_31/IAS01_g29_31_TI" base="F65372533" id="PS2_X0199" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 29</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793397" id="PS2_P0436" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_43.dita#PS2_43" base="F65372534" id="PS2_X0200" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 43</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq class="- topic/lq ">         <p id="PS2_P0437" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">An entity shall present separately each material class of similar items. An entity shall present separately items of a dissimilar nature or function unless they are immaterial.</b></p>       </lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="F60793403" id="PS2_UN0028" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F60793400" id="PS2_P0438" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_30A.dita#IAS01_30A/IAS01_30A_V2" base="F65372535" id="PS2_X0201" class="- topic/xref "> Paragraph 30A</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793402" id="PS2_P0439" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_28.dita#PS2_28" base="F65372536" id="PS2_X0202" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 28</xref>, <xref href="PS2_57.dita#PS2_57" base="F65372537" id="PS2_X0203" class="- topic/xref ">57</xref> and <xref href="PS2_69.dita#PS2_69" base="F65372538" id="PS2_X0204" class="- topic/xref ">69</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq class="- topic/lq ">         <p id="PS2_P0440" class="- topic/p ">When applying this and other IFRSs an entity shall decide, taking into consideration all relevant facts and circumstances, how it aggregates information in the financial statements, which include the notes. An entity shall not reduce the understandability of its financial statements by obscuring material information with immaterial information or by aggregating material items that have different natures or functions.</p>       </lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="F60793407" id="PS2_UN0029" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F60793404" id="PS2_P0441" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_31.dita#IAS01_31/IAS01_31_V2" base="F65372580" id="PS2_X0205" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 31</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793406" id="PS2_P0442" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_g10-10.dita#PS2_g10_10/PS2_g10_10_TI" base="F65372581" id="PS2_X0206" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 10</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq class="- topic/lq ">         <p id="PS2_P0443" class="- topic/p ">Some IFRSs specify information that is required to be included in the financial statements, which include the notes. An entity need not provide a specific disclosure required by an IFRS if the information resulting from that disclosure is not material. This is the case even if the IFRS contains a list of specific requirements or describes them as minimum requirements. An entity shall also consider whether to provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific requirements in IFRS is insufficient to enable users of financial statements to understand the impact of particular transactions, other events and conditions on the entity’s financial position and financial performance.</p>       </lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="F60793411" id="PS2_UN0030" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F60793408" id="PS2_P0444" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_g38-38B.dita#IAS01_g38_38B/IAS01_g38_38B_TI" base="F65372582" id="PS2_X0207" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 38</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793410" id="PS2_P0445" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_67.dita#PS2_67" base="F65372583" id="PS2_X0208" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 67</xref> and <xref href="PS2_g70-70.dita#PS2_g70_70/PS2_g70_70_TI" base="F65372584" id="PS2_X0209" class="- topic/xref ">70</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq class="- topic/lq ">         <p id="PS2_P0446" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Except when IFRSs permit or require otherwise, an entity shall present comparative information in respect of the preceding period for all amounts reported in the current period’s financial statements. An entity shall include comparative information for narrative and descriptive information if it is relevant to understanding the current period’s financial statements.</b></p>       </lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="F60793426" id="PS2_UN0031" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F60793423" id="PS2_P0447" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_38A.dita#IAS01_38A" base="F65372585" id="PS2_X0210" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 38A</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793425" id="PS2_P0448" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_67.dita#PS2_67" base="F65372586" id="PS2_X0211" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 67</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq class="- topic/lq ">         <p id="PS2_P0449" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">An entity shall present, as a minimum, two statements of financial position, two statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, two separate statements of profit or loss (if presented), two statements of cash flows and two statements of changes in equity, and related notes.</b></p>       </lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="F60793432" id="PS2_UN0032" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F60793428" id="PS2_P0450" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_g38C-39-40.dita#IAS01_g38C_39_40/IAS01_g38C_39_40_TI" base="F65372587" id="PS2_X0212" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 38C</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793431" id="PS2_P0451" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_69.dita#PS2_69" base="F65372588" id="PS2_X0213" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 69</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq class="- topic/lq ">         <p id="PS2_P0452" class="- topic/p ">An entity may present comparative information in addition to the minimum comparative financial statements required by IFRSs, as long as that information is prepared in accordance with IFRSs. This comparative information may consist of one or more statements referred to in <xref href="PS2_g10-10.dita#PS2_g10_10/PS2_g10_10_TI" base="F65372632" id="PS2_X0214" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 10</xref>, but need not comprise a complete set of financial statements. When this is the case, the entity shall present related note information for those additional statements.</p>       </lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="IAS2021-2" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="PS2_IAS01_117" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_117.dita#IAS01_117" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 117</xref></b></p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_88A.dita#PS2_88A" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 88A</xref> and <xref href="PS2_88C.dita#PS2_88C" class="- topic/xref ">88C</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq class="- topic/lq ">         <p class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">An entity shall disclose material accounting policy information (see<xref href="../ias01/IAS01_7.dita#IAS01_7" class="- topic/xref "> paragraph 7</xref>). Accounting policy             information is material if, when considered together with other information included in             an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions             that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of             those financial statements. </b></p>       </lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="IAS2021-2" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="PS2_IAS01_117A" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_117A.dita#IAS01_117A" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 117A</xref></b></p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_88C.dita#PS2_88C" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph         88C</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq class="- topic/lq ">         <p class="- topic/p ">Accounting policy information that relates to immaterial transactions, other events or           conditions is immaterial and need not be disclosed. Accounting policy information may           nevertheless be material because of the nature of the related transactions, other events           or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However, not all accounting policy           information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself           material.</p>       </lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="IAS2021-2" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="PS2_IAS01_117B" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_117B.dita#IAS01_117B" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 117B</xref></b></p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_88C.dita#PS2_88C" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs         88C</xref> and <xref href="PS2_88D.dita#PS2_88D" class="- topic/xref ">88D</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq class="- topic/lq ">         <p class="- topic/p ">Accounting policy information is expected to be material if users of an entity’s           financial statements would need it to understand other material information in the           financial statements. For example, an entity is likely to consider accounting policy           information material to its financial statements if that information relates to material           transactions, other events or conditions and:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the entity changed its accounting policy during the             reporting period and this change resulted in a material change to the information in             the financial statements;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the entity chose the accounting policy from one or more             options permitted by IFRSs—such a situation could arise if the entity chose to measure             investment property at historical cost rather than fair value;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the accounting policy was developed in accordance with                 <xref href="../ias08/IAS08_TOC.dita#IAS08_TOC0001" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 8</xref> in the absence of an               IFRS that specifically applies;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the accounting policy relates to an area for which an             entity is required to make significant judgements or assumptions in applying an             accounting policy, and the entity discloses those judgements or assumptions in             accordance with <xref href="IAS01_122.dita#IAS01_122" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 122</xref> and <xref href="IAS01_125.dita#IAS01_125" class="- topic/xref ">125</xref>; or</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the accounting required for them is complex and users of             the entity’s financial statements would otherwise not understand those material             transactions, other events or conditions—such a situation could arise if an entity             applies more than one IFRS to a class of material transactions.</p></li></ol>       </lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="IAS2021-2" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="PS2_IAS01_117C" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_117C.dita#IAS01_117C" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 117C</xref></b></p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_88C.dita#PS2_88C" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs         88C</xref> and <xref href="PS2_88E.dita#PS2_88E" class="- topic/xref ">88E</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq class="- topic/lq ">         <p class="- topic/p ">Accounting policy information that focuses on how an entity has applied the requirements           of the IFRSs to its own circumstances provides entity-specific information that is more           useful to users of financial statements than standardised information, or information that           only duplicates or summarises the requirements of the IFRSs.</p>       </lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="IAS2021-2" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="PS2_IAS01_117D" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_117D.dita#IAS01_117D" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 117D</xref></b></p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_88C.dita#PS2_88C" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs         88C</xref> and <xref href="PS2_88G.dita#PS2_88G" class="- topic/xref ">88G</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq class="- topic/lq ">         <p class="- topic/p ">If an entity discloses immaterial accounting policy information, such information shall           not obscure material accounting policy information.</p>       </lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="IAS2021-2" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="PS2_IAS01_117E" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_117E.dita#IAS01_117E" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 117E</xref></b></p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_88C.dita#PS2_88C" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph         88C</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq class="- topic/lq ">         <p class="- topic/p ">An entity’s conclusion that accounting policy information is immaterial does not affect the related disclosure requirements set out in other IFRSs.</p>       </lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="F60793446" id="PS2_UN0033" class="- topic/bodydiv ">     <p base="F60793443" id="PS2_P0453" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_BC30F.dita#IAS01_BC30F" base="F65372589" id="PS2_X0215" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph BC30F of the Basis for Conclusions</xref></b></p>     <p base="F60793445" id="PS2_P0454" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_28.dita#PS2_28" base="F65372630" id="PS2_X0216" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 28</xref> and <xref href="PS2_69.dita#PS2_69" base="F65372631" id="PS2_X0217" class="- topic/xref ">69</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>     <lq class="- topic/lq ">       <p id="PS2_P0455" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_30A.dita#IAS01_30A/IAS01_30A_V2" base="F65372633" id="PS2_X0218" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 30A</xref> was added to IAS 1 to highlight that when an entity decides how it aggregates information in the financial statements, it should take into consideration all relevant facts and circumstances. Paragraph 30A emphasises that an entity should not reduce the understandability of its financial statements by providing immaterial information that obscures the material information in financial statements or by aggregating material items that have different natures or functions. Obscuring material information with immaterial information in financial statements makes the material information less visible and therefore makes the financial statements less understandable. The amendments do not actually prohibit entities from disclosing immaterial information, because the Board thinks that such a requirement would not be operational; however, the amendments emphasise that disclosure should not result in material information being obscured.</p>     </lq>   </bodydiv></body></topic>