<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="PS2_83" base="F60792878" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">83</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="83" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv ">     <p id="PS2_P0310" class="- topic/p ">In assessing whether information about a covenant is material, a combination       of the considerations in <xref href="PS2_82.dita#PS2_82" id="PS2_X0147" base="F62013242" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 82(a)–82(b)</xref> applies. Information about a covenant for which the       consequences of a breach would affect an entity’s financial position, financial       performance or cash flows in a way that could reasonably be expected to influence primary       users’ decisions, but for which there is only a remote likelihood of the breach       occurring, is not material.</p>          <table outputclass="ruled" id="PS2_TAB0017" base="SL60792884" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="PS2_P0313" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example P—assessing whether                   information about covenants is material</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="PS2_P0314" base="SL60792887" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p>               <p id="PS2_P0315" base="F60792881" class="- topic/p ">An entity has rapidly grown over the past five                 years and recently suffered some liquidity problems. A long-term loan was granted to                 the entity in the current reporting period. The loan agreement includes a clause                 that requires the entity to maintain a ratio of debt to equity below a specified                 threshold, to be measured at each reporting date (the covenant). According to the                 loan agreement, the debt-to-equity ratio has to be calculated on the basis of debt                 and equity figures as presented in the entity’s IFRS financial statements. If                 the entity breaches the covenant, the entire loan becomes payable on demand. The                 disclosure of covenant terms in an entity’s financial statements is not                 required by any local laws or regulations.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="PS2_P0316" base="F60792882" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application</b></p>               <p id="PS2_P0317" base="F60792899" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_g31-42.dita#IFRS07_g31_42/IFRS07_g31_42_TI" id="PS2_X0149" base="F62013243" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 31 of                     <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 7</ph>                     <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments:                   Disclosures</ph></ph></xref> requires an entity to disclose information that                 enables users of its financial statements to evaluate the nature and extent of risk                 arising from financial instruments to which the entity is exposed at the end of the                 reporting period.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="PS2_P0318" base="F60792900" class="- topic/p ">In the preparation of its financial statements, the                 entity assesses whether information about the existence of the covenant and its                 terms is material information, considering both the consequences  and the likelihood of a                 breach occurring. </p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="PS2_P0319" base="F60792901" class="- topic/p ">In these circumstances, the entity concluded that,                 considering its recent liquidity problem, any acceleration of the long-term loan                 repayment plan (the consequence of the covenant breach occurring) would affect the                 entity’s financial position and cash flows in a way that could reasonably be                 expected to influence primary users’ decisions.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="PS2_P0320" base="F60792905" class="- topic/p ">The entity also considered the likelihood of a                 breach occurring.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="PS2_P0321" base="F61090581" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Scenario 1—the lender defined the                   covenant threshold on the basis of the three-year business plan prepared by the                   entity, adding a 10 per cent tolerance to the forecast figures</b></p>               <p id="PS2_P0322" base="F60792911" class="- topic/p ">In this scenario, even though the entity has                 historically met its past business plans, it assessed the likelihood of a breach                 occurring as higher than remote. Therefore, information about the existence of the                 covenant and its terms was assessed as material and disclosed in the entity’s                 financial statements.</p>               <p id="PS2_P0323" base="F61090582" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Scenario 2—the lender defined the                   covenant threshold on the basis of the three-year business plan prepared by the                   entity, adding a 200 per cent tolerance to the forecast figures</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="PS2_P0324" base="F60792916" class="- topic/p ">In this scenario, the entity assessed the                 likelihood of a breach occurring as remote, on the basis of its historical track                 record of meeting its past business plans and the magnitude of the tolerance                 included in the covenant threshold. Therefore, although the consequences of the                 covenant breach would affect the entity’s financial position and cash flows                 in a way that could reasonably be expected to influence primary users’                 decisions, the entity concluded that information about the existence of the covenant                 and its terms was not material.</p>               </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>     </bodydiv></body></paragraph>