<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="PS2_21" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">21</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="21" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant id="PS2_21_V2" base="F75304224" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant "> <p id="PS2_P0104" class="- topic/p ">The objective of financial statements is to provide primary users with financial information that is useful to them in making decisions about providing resources to an entity. However, general purpose financial statements do not, and cannot, provide all the information that primary users need.<xref keyref="footnotes/PS2_FN0030" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> Therefore, the entity aims to meet the common information needs of its primary users. It does not aim to address specialised information needs—information needs that are unique to particular users.</p> <table outputclass="ruled" id="PS2_TAB0006" base="SL75304226" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0105" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example E—primary users’ unique or individual information requests</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0106" base="SL75304230" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0107" base="SL75304232" class="- topic/p ">Twenty investors each hold 5 per cent of an entity’s voting rights. One of these investors is particularly interested in information about the entity’s expenditure in a specific location because that investor operates another business in that location. Such information could not reasonably be expected to influence decisions that other primary users make on the basis of the entity’s financial statements.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0108" base="SL75304234" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0109" base="F75304236" class="- topic/p ">In making its materiality judgements, the entity does not need to consider the specific information needs of that single investor. The entity concludes that information about its expenditure in the specific location is immaterial information for its primary users as a group and therefore decides not to provide it in its financial statements.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></variant></body></paragraph>