<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="PS2_76" base="F60792779" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">76</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="76" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="PS2_P0273" class="- topic/p ">If an error is judged not to be material on its own, it might be regarded as material when considered in combination with other information. However, in general, if an error is individually assessed as material to an entity’s financial statements, the existence of other errors that affect the entity’s financial position, financial performance or cash flows in the opposite way, does not make the error immaterial, nor does it eliminate the need to correct the error. </p><table outputclass="ruled" id="PS2_TAB0015" base="SL60792788" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0274" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example N—individual and collective assessment of errors</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0275" base="SL60792791" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0276" base="SL60792794" class="- topic/p ">An entity has identified measures of its profitability as the measures of great interest to the primary users of its financial statements. During the current reporting period, the entity recognised:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="PS2_L0012" base="F60792782" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="PS2_P0277" base="F60792783" class="- topic/p ">an expense accrual of CU100<xref keyref="footnotes/PS2_FN0053" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> that should not have been recognised. The accrual affected the line item ‘cost of services’.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="PS2_P0278" base="F60792785" class="- topic/p ">the reversal of a provision of CU80 recognised in the previous period that should not have been reversed. The reversal affected the line item ‘other operating income (expense)’.</p></li></ol></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0279" base="SL60792801" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0280" base="F60792786" class="- topic/p ">In assessing whether these errors are material to its financial statements, the entity did not identify the presence of any qualitative factors  and thus made its materiality judgement solely from a quantitative perspective.  The entity concluded that both errors were individually material because of their impact on its profit.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0281" base="SL60792804" class="- topic/p ">In these circumstances, it would be inappropriate to consider the quantitative effect of the errors on a net basis, ie as a CU20 overstatement of expenses, thereby concluding that the identified errors do not need to be corrected. If an error is individually assessed as material to the entity’s financial statements, the existence of other errors that affect the entity’s financial position, financial performance or cash flows in an opposite way, does not eliminate the need to correct it, or make the error immaterial.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>