<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="PS2_0007" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title base="F60793500" id="PS2_0007_TI" level="1" class="- topic/title ">Extracts from <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 34</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Interim Financial Reporting</ph></ph></title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv base="F60793537" id="PS2_UN0038" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F60793501" id="PS2_P0471" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias34/IAS34_6.dita#IAS34_6" base="F65372690" id="PS2_X0232" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 6</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793503" id="PS2_P0472" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_87.dita#PS2_87" base="F65372731" id="PS2_X0233" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 87</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>    <lq class="- topic/lq ">   <p id="PS2_P0473" class="- topic/p ">In the interest of timeliness and cost considerations and to avoid repetition of information previously reported, an entity may be required to or may elect to provide less information at interim dates as compared with its annual financial statements. This Standard defines the minimum content of an interim financial report as including condensed financial statements and selected explanatory notes. The interim financial report is intended to provide an update on the latest complete set of annual financial statements. Accordingly, it focuses on new activities, events, and circumstances and does not duplicate information previously reported.</p></lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="F60793541" id="PS2_UN0039" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F60793538" id="PS2_P0474" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias34/IAS34_15.dita#IAS34_15" base="F65372732" id="PS2_X0234" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 15</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793540" id="PS2_P0475" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_87.dita#PS2_87" base="F65372733" id="PS2_X0235" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 87</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>     <lq class="- topic/lq ">  <p id="PS2_P0476" class="- topic/p ">An entity shall include in its interim financial report an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes in financial position and performance of the entity since the end of the last annual reporting period. Information disclosed in relation to those events and transactions shall update the relevant information presented in the most recent annual financial report.</p></lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="F60793545" id="PS2_UN0040" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F60793542" id="PS2_P0477" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias34/IAS34_15A.dita#IAS34_15A" base="F65372734" id="PS2_X0236" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 15A</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793544" id="PS2_P0478" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_87.dita#PS2_87" base="F65372735" id="PS2_X0237" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 87</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>   <lq class="- topic/lq ">    <p id="PS2_P0479" class="- topic/p ">A user of an entity’s interim financial report will have access to the most recent annual financial report of that entity. Therefore, it is unnecessary for the notes to an interim financial report to provide relatively insignificant updates to the information that was reported in the notes in the most recent annual financial report.</p></lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="F60793559" id="PS2_UN0041" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F60793546" id="PS2_P0480" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias34/IAS34_g20-22.dita#IAS34_g20_22/IAS34_g20_22_TI" base="F65372736" id="PS2_X0238" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 20</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793558" id="PS2_P0481" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_85.dita#PS2_85" base="F65372737" id="PS2_X0239" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 85</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>   <lq class="- topic/lq ">    <p id="PS2_P0482" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Interim reports shall include interim financial statements (condensed or complete) for periods as follows:</b> </p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="F60793562" id="PS2_L0021" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p base="F60793563" id="PS2_P0483" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">statement of financial position as of the end of the current interim period and a comparative statement of financial position as of the end of the immediately preceding financial year.</b></p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p base="F60793566" id="PS2_P0484" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the current interim period and cumulatively for the current financial year to date, with comparative statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the comparable interim periods (current and year‑to‑date) of the immediately preceding financial year. As permitted by <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F65372738" id="PS2_X0240" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1</xref> (as amended in 2011), an interim report may present for each period a statement or statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.</b></p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p base="F60793568" id="PS2_P0485" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">statement of changes in equity cumulatively for the current financial year to date, with a comparative statement for the comparable year‑to‑date period of the immediately preceding financial year.</b></p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>           <p base="F60793570" id="PS2_P0486" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">statement of cash flows cumulatively for the current financial year to date, with a comparative statement for the comparable year‑to‑date period of the immediately preceding financial year.</b></p>         </li></ol></lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="F60793577" id="PS2_UN0042" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F60793574" id="PS2_P0487" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias34/IAS34_g23-25.dita#IAS34_g23_25/IAS34_g23_25_TI" base="F65372740" id="PS2_X0241" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 23</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793576" id="PS2_P0488" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_85.dita#PS2_85" base="F65372778" id="PS2_X0242" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 85</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>    <lq class="- topic/lq ">   <p id="PS2_P0489" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">In deciding how to recognise, measure, classify, or disclose an item for interim financial reporting purposes, materiality shall be assessed in relation to the interim period financial data. In making assessments of materiality, it shall be recognised that interim measurements may rely on estimates to a greater extent than measurements of annual financial data.</b></p></lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="F60793582" id="PS2_UN0043" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F60793579" id="PS2_P0490" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias34/IAS34_25.dita#IAS34_25" base="F65372779" id="PS2_X0243" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 25</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793581" id="PS2_P0491" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_85.dita#PS2_85" base="F65372780" id="PS2_X0244" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 85</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>   <lq class="- topic/lq ">    <p id="PS2_P0492" class="- topic/p ">While judgement is always required in assessing materiality, this Standard bases the recognition and disclosure decision on data for the interim period by itself for reasons of understandability of the interim figures. Thus, for example, unusual items, changes in accounting policies or estimates, and errors are recognised and disclosed on the basis of materiality in relation to interim period data to avoid misleading inferences that might result from non‑disclosure. The overriding goal is to ensure that an interim financial report includes all information that is relevant to understanding an entity’s financial position and performance during the interim period.</p></lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="F60793586" id="PS2_UN0044" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F60793583" id="PS2_P0493" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b "><xref href="../ias34/IAS34_g41-42.dita#IAS34_g41_42/IAS34_g41_42_TI" base="F65372781" id="PS2_X0245" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 41</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793585" id="PS2_P0494" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_g88-88.dita#PS2_g88_88/PS2_g88_88_TI" base="F65372782" id="PS2_X0246" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 88</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>    <lq class="- topic/lq ">   <p id="PS2_P0495" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">The measurement procedures to be followed in an interim financial report shall be designed to ensure that the resulting information is reliable and that all material financial information that is relevant to an understanding of the financial position or performance of the entity is appropriately disclosed. While measurements in both annual and interim financial reports are often based on reasonable estimates, the preparation of interim financial reports generally will require a greater use of estimation methods than annual financial reports.</b></p></lq>     </bodydiv></body></topic>