<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="PS2_0003_V2" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title "/><body class="- topic/body "><p base="F75304290" id="PS2_P0378" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Paragraph 1.2</b></p><p base="F75304292" id="PS2_P0379" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_7.dita#PS2_7" base="F75304293" id="PS2_X0173" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 7</xref> and <xref href="PS2_17.dita#PS2_17" base="F75304294" id="PS2_X0174" class="- topic/xref ">17 of the Practice Statement</xref></p><bodydiv base="F75304295" id="PS2_UN0011" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="PS2_P0380" class="- topic/p ">The objective of general purpose financial reporting is to provide financial information about the reporting entity that is useful to existing and potential investors, lenders and other creditors in making decisions relating to providing resources to the entity. Those decisions involve decisions about:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="F72786034-PW" type="lower-alpha" id="PS2_L0017" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p base="F72786035-PW" id="PS2_P0381" class="- topic/p ">buying, selling or holding equity and debt instruments;</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p base="F72786037-PW" id="PS2_P0382" class="- topic/p ">providing or settling loans and other forms of credit; or</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p base="F72786039-PW" id="PS2_P0383" class="- topic/p ">exercising rights to vote on, or otherwise influence, management’s actions that affect the use of the entity’s economic resources.</p>         </li></ol>     </bodydiv><p base="F75304296" id="PS2_P0384" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Paragraph 1.3</b></p><p base="F75304298" id="PS2_P0385" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_18.dita#PS2_18" base="F75304299" id="PS2_X0175" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 18 of the Practice Statement</xref></p><bodydiv base="F75304300" id="PS2_UN0012" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="PS2_P0386" class="- topic/p ">The decisions described in paragraph 1.2 depend on the returns that existing and potential investors, lenders and other creditors expect, for example, dividends, principal and interest payments or market price increases. Investors’, lenders’ and other creditors’ expectations about returns depend on their assessment of the amount, timing and uncertainty of (the prospects for) future net cash inflows to the entity and on their assessment of management’s stewardship of the entity’s economic resources. Existing and potential investors, lenders and other creditors need information to help them make those assessments.</p>     </bodydiv><p base="F75304301" id="PS2_P0387" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Paragraph 1.4</b></p><p base="F75304303" id="PS2_P0388" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_19.dita#PS2_19" base="F75304304" id="PS2_X0176" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 19</xref> and <xref href="PS2_38.dita#PS2_38" base="F75304305" id="PS2_X0177" class="- topic/xref ">38</xref> of the Practice Statement</p><bodydiv base="F75304306" id="PS2_UN0013" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="PS2_P0389" class="- topic/p ">To make the assessments described in paragraph 1.3, existing and potential investors, lenders and other creditors need information about:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="F72786053-PW" type="lower-alpha" id="PS2_L0018" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p base="F72786054-PW" id="PS2_P0390" class="- topic/p ">the economic resources of the entity, claims against the entity and changes in those resources and claims (see paragraphs 1.12–1.21); and</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p base="F72786056-PW" id="PS2_P0391" class="- topic/p ">how efficiently and effectively the entity’s management and governing board have discharged their responsibilities to use the entity’s economic resources (see paragraphs 1.22–1.23).</p>         </li></ol>     </bodydiv><p base="F75304307" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="PS2_P0392" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Paragraph 1.5</b></p><p base="F75304309" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="PS2_P0393" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_g13-23.dita#PS2_g13_23/PS2_g13_23_TI" base="F75304310" id="PS2_X0178" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 13</xref> of the Practice Statement</p><bodydiv base="F75304311" id="PS2_UN0014" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="PS2_P0394" class="- topic/p ">Many existing and potential investors, lenders and other creditors cannot require reporting entities to provide information directly to them and must rely on general purpose financial reports for much of the financial information they need. Consequently, they are the primary users to whom general purpose financial reports are directed.</p>     </bodydiv><p base="F75304312" id="PS2_P0395" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Paragraph 1.6</b></p><p base="F75304314" id="PS2_P0396" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_g21-23.dita#PS2_g21_23/PS2_g21_23_TI" base="F75304315" id="PS2_X0179" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 21</xref> of the Practice Statement</p><bodydiv base="F75304316" id="PS2_UN0015" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="PS2_P0397" class="- topic/p ">However, general purpose financial reports do not and cannot provide all of the information that existing and potential investors, lenders and other creditors need. Those users need to consider pertinent information from other sources, for example, general economic conditions and expectations, political events and political climate, and industry and company outlooks.</p>     </bodydiv><p base="F75304317" id="PS2_P0398" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Paragraph 1.8</b></p><p base="F75304319" id="PS2_P0399" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_36.dita#PS2_36" base="F75304320" id="PS2_X0180" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 36</xref> of the Practice Statement</p><bodydiv base="F75304321" id="PS2_UN0016" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="PS2_P0400" class="- topic/p ">Individual primary users have different, and possibly conflicting, information needs and desires. The Board, in developing Standards, will seek to provide the information set that will meet the needs of the maximum number of primary users. However, focusing on common information needs does not prevent the reporting entity from including additional information that is most useful to a particular subset of primary users.</p>     </bodydiv><p base="F75304322" id="PS2_P0401" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Paragraph 1.9</b></p><p base="F75304324" id="PS2_P0402" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_g13-23.dita#PS2_g13_23/PS2_g13_23_TI" base="F75304325" id="PS2_X0181" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 13</xref> of the Practice Statement</p><bodydiv base="F75304326" id="PS2_UN0017" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="PS2_P0403" class="- topic/p ">The management of a reporting entity is also interested in financial information about the entity. However, management need not rely on general purpose financial reports because it is able to obtain the financial information it needs internally.</p>     </bodydiv><p base="F75304327" id="PS2_P0404" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Paragraph 1.10</b></p><p base="F75304329" id="PS2_P0405" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_g13-23.dita#PS2_g13_23/PS2_g13_23_TI" base="F75304330" id="PS2_X0182" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 13</xref> of the Practice Statement</p><bodydiv base="F75304331" id="PS2_UN0018" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="PS2_P0406" class="- topic/p ">Other parties, such as regulators and members of the public other than investors, lenders and other creditors, may also find general purpose financial reports useful. However, those reports are not primarily directed to these other groups.</p>     </bodydiv><p base="F75304332" id="PS2_P0407" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Paragraph 2.7</b></p><p base="F75304334" id="PS2_P0408" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_20.dita#PS2_20" base="F75304335" id="PS2_X0183" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 20</xref> of the Practice Statement</p><bodydiv base="F75304336" id="PS2_UN0019" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p id="PS2_P0409" class="- topic/p ">Financial information is capable of making a difference in decisions if it has predictive value, confirmatory value or both.</p>       <p base="F60793289" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="PS2_P0410" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Paragraph 2.11</b></p>       <p base="F60793291" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="PS2_P0411" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_g5-7.dita#PS2_g5_7/PS2_g5_7_TI" base="F65372434" id="PS2_X0184" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 5</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <p id="PS2_P0412" class="- topic/p ">Information is material if omitting, misstating or obscuring it could reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial reports (see paragraph 1.5) make on the basis of those reports, which provide financial information about a specific reporting entity. In other words, materiality is an entity-specific aspect of relevance based on the nature or magnitude, or both, of the items to which the information relates in the context of an individual entity’s financial report. Consequently, the Board cannot specify a uniform quantitative threshold for materiality or predetermine what could be material in a particular situation.</p>       <p base="F60793293" id="PS2_P0413" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Paragraph 2.34</b></p>       <p base="F60793295" id="PS2_P0414" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_g56-59.dita#PS2_g56_59/PS2_g56_59_TI" base="F65372435" id="PS2_X0185" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 56</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <p id="PS2_P0415" class="- topic/p ">Classifying, characterising and presenting information clearly and concisely makes it understandable.</p>       <p base="F60793298" id="PS2_P0416" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Paragraph 2.36</b></p>       <p base="F60793300" id="PS2_P0417" class="- topic/p ">Referred to in <xref href="PS2_15.dita#PS2_15" base="F65372479" id="PS2_X0186" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 15</xref> of the Practice Statement</p>       <p id="PS2_P0418" class="- topic/p ">Financial reports are prepared for users who have a reasonable knowledge of business and economic activities and who review and analyse the information diligently. At times, even well-informed and diligent users may need to seek the aid of an adviser to understand information about complex economic phenomena.</p>     </bodydiv></body></topic>