<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="PS2_14" base="F60594803" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">14</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="14" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="PS2_P0073" class="- topic/p ">Because primary users include potential investors, lenders and other creditors, it would be inappropriate for an entity to narrow the information provided in its financial statements by focusing only on the information needs of existing investors, lenders and other creditors.</p><table outputclass="ruled" id="PS2_TAB0004" base="SL60594925" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0076" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example D—existing and potential investors, lenders and other creditors</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0077" base="SL60594926" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0078" base="SL60594928" class="- topic/p ">An entity is 100 per cent owned by its parent. Its parent provides the entity with semi‑finished products that the entity assembles and sells back to the parent. The entity is entirely financed by its parent. The current users of the entity’s financial statements include the parent and the entity’s creditors (mainly local suppliers).</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0079" base="SL60594929" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0080" base="F60594829" class="- topic/p ">The entity refers to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph> to identify the primary users of its financial statements—existing and potential investors, lenders and other creditors who cannot require the entity to provide information directly to them and must rely on general purpose financial statements. When making materiality judgements in the preparation of its financial statements, the entity does not reduce its disclosures to only those of interest to its parent or its existing creditors. The entity also considers the information needs of potential investors, lenders and other creditors when making those judgements.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>