<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="PS2_85" base="F60792921" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">85</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="85" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="PS2_P0328" class="- topic/p ">In making materiality judgements on its interim financial report, an entity focuses on the period covered by that report, that is:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="PS2_L0016" base="F60792923" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="PS2_P0329" base="F60792924" class="- topic/p ">it assesses whether information in the interim financial report is material in relation to the interim period financial data, not annual data.<xref keyref="footnotes/PS2_FN0055" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="PS2_P0330" base="F60792927" class="- topic/p ">it applies the materiality factors on the basis of both the current interim period data and also, whenever there is more than one interim period (eg in the case of quarterly reporting), the data for the current financial year to date.<xref keyref="footnotes/PS2_FN0056" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="PS2_P0331" base="F60792929" class="- topic/p ">it may consider whether to provide in the interim financial report information that is expected to be material to the annual financial statements. However, information that is expected to be material to the annual financial statements need not be provided in the interim financial report if it is not material to the interim financial report.</p></li></ol><table outputclass="ruled" id="PS2_TAB0018" base="SL60792939" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0332" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example Q—information that is expected to be material to the annual financial statements</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0333" base="SL60792942" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0334" base="F60792931" class="- topic/p ">An entity sells mainly standardised products to private customers in its home market. In the first half of the reporting period, 98 per cent of the entity’s revenue was generated by sales of Product X. The remaining revenue was principally derived from a pilot sale of a new product line—Product Y—that the entity planned to launch in the third quarter of the year. The entity expects revenue from Product Y to increase significantly by the end of the annual reporting period, so that Product Y will provide approximately 20 per cent of the entity’s revenue for the full annual period.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0335" base="F60792947" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0336" base="F60792932" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs15/IFRS15_g114-115.dita#IFRS15_g114_115/IFRS15_g114_115_TI" id="PS2_X0156" base="F62013246" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 114 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 15</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref> requires an entity to disaggregate revenue recognised from contracts into categories that depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0337" base="F60792934" class="- topic/p ">The entity did not identify any qualitative factors  that made the amount of revenues from Product Y material to the interim period.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0338" base="F60792935" class="- topic/p ">In these circumstances, the entity concluded that the information about disaggregation of revenue by product lines was not material to the interim financial report and did not disclose it. In the preparation of the interim financial report, the entity is not required to disaggregate its revenue by product lines even if a greater level of disaggregation is expected to be required for the subsequent annual financial statements. In other words, although the entity expects that revenue by product lines will be material information for the annual financial statements, that fact does not influence the materiality assessment in the preparation of the entity’s interim financial report.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>