<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="PS2_28" base="F60594883" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">28</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="28" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="PS2_P0123" class="- topic/p ">Nevertheless, local laws and regulations may specify requirements that affect what information is provided in the financial statements. In such circumstances, providing information to meet local legal or regulatory requirements is permitted by IFRS Standards, even if that information is not material according to the materiality requirements in the Standards. However, such information must not obscure information that is material according to IFRS Standards.<xref keyref="footnotes/PS2_FN0031" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p><table outputclass="ruled" id="PS2_TAB0008" base="SL60594948" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="3" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0124" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example G—information that is immaterial according to IFRS Standards required by local laws and regulations</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0125" base="SL60594949" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0126" base="SL60594951" class="- topic/p ">An entity is a food retailer operating in country ABC. In country ABC, investments in research and development (R&amp;D) are generally limited across the industry; nonetheless, the government requires all entities to disclose, in their financial statements, the aggregate amount of R&amp;D expenditure incurred during the period.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0127" base="SL60594952" class="- topic/p ">In the current reporting period, the entity recognised a small amount of expenditure on R&amp;D activities as an expense. No R&amp;D expenditure was capitalised during the period.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0128" base="SL60594953" class="- topic/p ">When preparing its financial statements, the entity assessed the disclosure of information about R&amp;D expenditure incurred during the period as immaterial, for IFRS purposes.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0129" base="SL60594954" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0130" base="SL60594957" class="- topic/p ">To comply with local regulations, the entity discloses in its financial statements information about R&amp;D expenditure incurred during the period. IFRS Standards permit the entity to disclose that information in its financial statements, but the entity needs to organise its disclosures to ensure that material information is not obscured.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" id="PS2_TAB0009" base="SL60693292" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0131" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example H—information that is material according to IFRS Standards not required by local laws and regulations</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0132" base="SL60693295" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0133" base="SL60693298" class="- topic/p ">An entity operates in a country where the government requires the disclosure of the details of property, plant and equipment (PP&amp;E) disposals, but only if their carrying amounts exceed a specified percentage of total assets.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0134" base="SL60693300" class="- topic/p ">In the current reporting period, the entity disposed of PP&amp;E below the threshold specified in the local regulation. This transaction was with a related party, which paid the entity less than the fair value of the item disposed.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0135" base="SL60693302" class="- topic/p ">When preparing its financial statements, the entity applied judgement and concluded that information about the details of the disposal was material, mainly because of the terms of the transaction and the fact it was with a related party.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0136" base="SL60693304" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0137" base="SL60693307" class="- topic/p ">To comply with IFRS Standards, the entity discloses details of that disposal even though local regulations require disclosure of PP&amp;E disposals only if their carrying amount exceeds a specified percentage of total assets.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>