<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="PS2_55" base="F60792518" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">55</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="55" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="PS2_P0178" class="- topic/p ">In some other circumstances, an item of information could reasonably be expected to influence primary users’ decisions regardless of its size—a quantitative threshold could even reduce to zero. This might happen when information about a transaction, other event or condition is highly scrutinised by the primary users of an entity’s financial statements. Moreover, a quantitative assessment is not always possible: non‑numeric information might only be assessed from a qualitative perspective.</p><table outputclass="ruled" id="PS2_TAB0010" base="SL60792532" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0179" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example I—information about a related party transaction assessed as material</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0180" base="SL60792535" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0181" base="SL60792538" class="- topic/p ">An entity has identified measures of its profitability as the measures of great interest to the primary users of its financial statements. In the current reporting period, the entity signed a five‑year contract with company ABC. Company ABC will provide the entity with maintenance services for the entity’s offices for an annual fee. Company ABC is controlled by a member of the entity’s key management personnel. Hence, company ABC is a related party of the entity.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0182" base="SL60792544" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0183" base="SL60792540" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ias24/IAS24_TOC0001.dita#IAS24_TOC0001" id="PS2_X0104" base="F62009484" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 24</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Related Party Disclosures</ph></ph></xref> requires an entity to disclose, for each related party transaction that occurred during the period, the nature of the related party relationship as well as information about the transaction and outstanding balances, including commitments, necessary for users to understand the potential effect of the relationship on the financial statements. </p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0184" base="SL60792542" class="- topic/p ">When preparing its financial statements, the entity assessed whether information about the transaction with company ABC was material.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0185" base="F60792549" class="- topic/p ">The entity started its assessment from a quantitative perspective and evaluated the impact of the related party transaction against measures of the entity’s profitability. Having initially concluded that the impact of the related party transaction was not material from a purely quantitative perspective, the entity further assessed the presence of any qualitative factors.</p> </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0187" base="F60792552" class="- topic/p ">As the Board noted in developing IAS 24, related parties may enter into transactions that unrelated parties would not enter into, and the transactions may be priced at amounts that differ from the price for transactions between unrelated parties. </p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0188" base="F60792553" class="- topic/p ">The entity identified the fact that the maintenance agreement was concluded with a related party as a characteristic that makes information about that transaction more likely to influence the decisions of its primary users.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0189" base="SL60792547" class="- topic/p ">The entity further assessed the transaction from a quantitative perspective to determine whether the impact of the transaction could reasonably be expected to influence primary users’ decisions when considered with the fact that the transaction was with a related party (ie the presence of a qualitative factor lowers the quantitative threshold). Having considered that the transaction was with a related party, the entity concluded that the impact was large enough to reasonably be expected to influence primary users’ decisions. Hence, the entity assessed information about the transaction with company ABC as material and disclosed that information in its financial statements.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" id="PS2_TAB0011" base="SL60792569" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0190" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example J—information about a related party transaction assessed as immaterial</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0191" base="SL60792572" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0192" base="SL60792575" class="- topic/p ">An entity has identified measures of its profitability as the measures of great interest to the primary users of its financial statements. The entity owns a large fleet of vehicles. In the current reporting period, the entity sold an almost fully depreciated vehicle to company DEF. The entity transferred the vehicle for total consideration consistent with its market value and its carrying amount. Company DEF is controlled by a member of the entity’s key management personnel. Hence, company DEF is a related party of the entity.</p></entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0193" base="SL60792577" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0194" base="SL60792580" class="- topic/p ">When preparing its financial statements, the entity assessed whether information about the transaction with company DEF was material.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0195" base="SL60792583" class="- topic/p ">As in <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example I</b>, the entity started its assessment from a quantitative perspective and evaluated the impact of the related party transaction against measures of the entity’s profitability. Having initially concluded that the impact of the related party transaction was not material from a purely quantitative perspective, the entity further assessed the presence of any qualitative factors.</p>  <p id="PS2_P0197" base="F61288886" class="- topic/p ">The entity transferred the vehicle for a total consideration consistent with its market value and its carrying amount. However, the entity identified the fact that the vehicle was sold to a related party as a characteristic that makes information about that transaction more likely to influence the decisions of its primary users.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0198" base="F60792585" class="- topic/p ">The entity further assessed the transaction from a quantitative perspective but concluded that its impact was too small to reasonably be expected to influence primary users’ decisions, even when considered with the fact that the transaction was with a related party. Information about the transaction with company DEF was consequently assessed as immaterial and not disclosed in the entity’s financial statements.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" id="PS2_TAB0012" base="SL60792602" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0199" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example K—influence of external qualitative factors on materiality judgements</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0200" base="SL60792605" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0201" base="SL60792608" class="- topic/p ">An international bank holds a very small amount of debt originating from a country whose national economy is currently experiencing severe financial difficulties. Other international banks that operate in the same sector as the entity hold significant amounts of debt originating from that country and, hence, are significantly affected by the financial difficulties in that country.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0202" base="SL60792610" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0203" base="SL60792613" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_g31-42.dita#IFRS07_g31_42/IFRS07_g31_42_TI" id="PS2_X0109" base="F62009485" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 31 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph></xref> requires an entity to disclose information that enables users of its financial statements to evaluate the nature and extent of risk arising from financial instruments to which the entity is exposed at the end of the reporting period.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0204" base="SL60792615" class="- topic/p ">When preparing its financial statements, the bank assessed whether the fact that it holds a very small amount of debt originating from that country was material information.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0205" base="F60792618" class="- topic/p ">In making that assessment, the bank considered the exposure to that particular debt faced by other international banks operating in the same sector (external qualitative factor). </p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0206" base="F60792631" class="- topic/p ">In these circumstances, the fact that the bank is holding a very small amount of debt (or even no debt at all) originating from that country, while other international banks operating in the same sector have significant holdings, provides the entity’s primary users with useful information about how effective management has been at protecting the bank’s resources from unfavourable effects of the economic conditions in that country.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="PS2_P0207" base="F60792632" class="- topic/p ">The bank assessed the information about the lack of exposure to that particular debt as material and disclosed that information in its financial statements.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>