<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e17220" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IFRS10_FN0010" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1460" class="- topic/p ">Paragraph C7 of IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> states “If an entity applies this IFRS but does not yet apply IFRS 9, any reference in this IFRS to IFRS 9 shall be read as a reference to IAS 39 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph>.”</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0012" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1462" class="- topic/p ">Paragraph C7 of IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> states “If an entity applies this IFRS but does not yet apply IFRS 9, any reference in this IFRS to IFRS 9 shall be read as a reference to IAS 39 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph>.”</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0020" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1483" class="- topic/p ">Ms Patricia McConnell (former IASB member) intended to dissent from the issue of the amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 for the same reasons as Ms Lloyd and Mr Ochi. Her dissenting opinion is not included in these amendments, because her term as an IASB member expired on 30 June 2014.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0021" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1484" class="- topic/p ">To maintain consistency with the terminology used in the original documents this Basis for Conclusions refers to ‘special purpose entities (SPEs)’ when discussing SIC‑12 and ‘structured entities’ when discussing the exposure draft ED 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> and the related deliberations and redeliberations. SIC‑12 described an SPE as an entity that may be created to accomplish a narrow and well‑defined objective, often created with legal arrangements that impose strict and sometimes permanent limits on the decision‑making powers of its governing board, trustee or management over the SPE’s operations. ED 10 defined a structured entity as an entity whose activities are restricted to the extent that those activities are, in essence, not directed by voting or similar rights. </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0022" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1485" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, <xref href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_TOC.dita#IFRS12_TOC0001" base="F24731027" id="IFRS10_X1286" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 12</xref> and <xref href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001" base="F24731028" id="IFRS10_X1287" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 27</xref>), issued in October 2012, introduced an exception to the principle that all subsidiaries shall be consolidated. The amendments define an investment entity and require a parent that is an investment entity to measure its investments in particular subsidiaries at fair value through profit or loss instead of consolidating those subsidiaries. These amendments are discussed in <xref href="IFRS10_gBC215-BC291.dita" base="F24731062" id="IFRS10_X1288" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC215–BC317</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0023" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1486" class="- topic/p ">IAS 27 (as amended in 2008) changed the term ‘minority interest’ to ‘non‑controlling interest’. </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0024" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1487" class="- topic/p ">IAS 31 was superseded by IFRS 11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph> issued in May 2011.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0025" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1488" class="- topic/p ">In March 2004 the Board issued <xref href="../ifrs05/IFRS05_TOC.dita#IFRS05_TOC0001" base="F16220445" id="IFRS10_X1289" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 5 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Non‑current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations</ph></ph></xref>. IFRS 5 removed this scope exclusion and eliminated the exemption from consolidation when control is intended to be temporary. For further discussion see the <xref href="../ifrs05/IFRS05_BC_TOC.dita#IFRS05_TOC0005" base="F16220446" id="IFRS10_X1290" class="- topic/xref ">Basis for Conclusions on IFRS 5</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0026" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1489" class="- topic/p ">As part of its consolidation project, the Board is examining how an investment entity accounts for its interests in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates and what, if any, additional disclosures might be made about those interests. The Board expects to publish an exposure draft on investment entities later in 2011.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0027" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1490" class="- topic/p ">In November 2009 and October 2010 the Board amended some of the requirements of IAS 39 and relocated them to <xref href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001" base="F67861057" id="IFRS10_X1291" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph></xref>. In May 2011 the Board issued <xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" base="F16220448" id="IFRS10_X1292" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph></xref>, which contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0028" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1491" class="- topic/p ">IAS 31 was superseded by <xref href="../ifrs11/IFRS11_TOC.dita#IFRS11_TOC0001" base="F16220449" id="IFRS10_X1293" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0029" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1492" class="- topic/p ">In March 2004 the Board issued <xref href="../ifrs05/IFRS05_BC_TOC.dita#IFRS05_TOC0005" base="F16220450" id="IFRS10_X1294" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 5 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Non‑current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations</ph></ph></xref>. IFRS 5 removed this scope exclusion and eliminated the exemption from consolidation when control is intended to be temporary. </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0030" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1493" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F16220563" id="IFRS10_X1295" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> (as revised in 2007) replaced the term ‘balance sheet’ with ‘statement of financial position’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0031" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1494" class="- topic/p ">In 2006 IAS 14 was replaced by <xref href="../ifrs08/IFRS08_TOC.dita#IFRS08_TOC0001" base="F16220564" id="IFRS10_X1296" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 8 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Operating Segments</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0032" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1495" class="- topic/p ">SFAS 167 was subsequently nullified by Accounting Standards Update No. 2009‑17. The requirements of SFAS 167 have been included in Accounting Standards Update No. 2009‑17.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0033" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1496" class="- topic/p ">The October 2005 edition of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">IASB Update</ph></ph> included a statement from the Board outlining its views on control with less than a majority of voting rights.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0034" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1497" class="- topic/p ">M C Jensen and W H Meckling, <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Theory of the Firm: Managerial Behavior Agency Costs and Ownership Structure</ph></ph>, Journal of Financial Economics 1976, pp. 305–360.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0035" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1498" class="- topic/p ">References to the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Framework</i> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was revised and amended.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0036" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1499" class="- topic/p ">SIC‑13 has been withdrawn. The requirements in SIC‑13 are incorporated into IAS 28 (as amended in 2011).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0037" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1500" class="- topic/p ">IAS 31 was superseded by IFRS 11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph> issued in May 2011.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0038" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1501" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, <xref href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_TOC.dita#IFRS12_TOC0001" base="F24731063" id="IFRS10_X1297" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 12</xref> and <xref href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001" base="F24731064" id="IFRS10_X1298" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 27</xref>), issued in October 2012, introduced an exception to the principle that all subsidiaries shall be consolidated. The amendments define an investment entity and require a parent that is an investment entity to measure its investments in particular subsidiaries at fair value through profit or loss instead of consolidating those subsidiaries. These amendments are discussed in <xref href="IFRS10_gBC215-BC291.dita" base="F24731065" id="IFRS10_X1299" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC215–BC317</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0039" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1502" class="- topic/p ">In December 2014, the Board issued<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph "> Investment Entities: Applying the Consolidation Exception</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, IFRS 12 and IAS 28). These amendments clarified which subsidiaries of an investment entity are consolidated in accordance with paragraph 32 of IFRS 10, instead of being measured at fair value through profit or loss (see paragraphs BC240A–BC240I).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0040" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1503" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0041" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1504" class="- topic/p ">In December 2014, the Board issued<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph "> Investment Entities: Applying the Consolidation Exception</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, IFRS 12 and IAS 28). These amendments clarified which subsidiaries of an investment entity are consolidated in accordance with paragraph 32 of IFRS 10, instead of being measured at fair value through profit or loss (see paragraphs BC240A–BC240I).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0042" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1505" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0043" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1506" class="- topic/p ">In December 2014, the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities: Applying the Consolidation Exception</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, IFRS 12 and IAS 28). These amendments clarified which subsidiaries of an investment entity are consolidated in accordance with paragraph 32 of IFRS 10, instead of being measured at fair value through profit or loss (see paragraphs BC240A–BC240I).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0044" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1507" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0045" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1508" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0046" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1509" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0047" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1510" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2014–2016 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in December 2016, amended <xref href="../ifrs01/IFRS01_TOC.dita#IFRS01_TOC0001/IFRS01_TOC0001_V2" base="F60693329" id="IFRS10_X1300" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards</ph></ph></xref> by deleting the short-term exemption for first-time adopters (see <xref href="../ifrs01/IFRS01_gBC99-BC99.dita#IFRS01_gBC99_BC99/IFRS01_gBC99_BC99_TI" base="F60693330" id="IFRS10_X1301" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph BC99 of IFRS 1</xref>), because it was no longer applicable.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0048" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1511" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0049" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1512" class="- topic/p ">IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> was adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Framework</i> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0050" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1513" class="- topic/p ">Paragraph BC27 of the Basis for Conclusions on IAS 27 (as revised in 2003) was deleted as part of the amendments to IAS 27 in 2008. The paragraph stated: The Board acknowledged that this decision gives rise to questions about the recognition and measurement of minority interests but it concluded that the proposed presentation is consistent with current standards and the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> and would provide better comparability than presentation in the consolidated balance sheet with either liabilities or parent shareholders’ equity. It decided that the recognition and measurement questions should be addressed as part of its project on business combinations.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0051" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1514" class="- topic/p ">The reference is to the IASC's <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was revised.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0052" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1515" class="- topic/p ">Paragraph BC27 of the Basis for Conclusions on IAS 27 (as revised in 2003) was deleted as part of the amendments to IAS 27 in 2008. The paragraph stated: The Board acknowledged that this decision gives rise to questions about the recognition and measurement of minority interests but it concluded that the proposed presentation is consistent with current standards and the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> and would provide better comparability than presentation in the consolidated balance sheet with either liabilities or parent shareholders’ equity. It decided that the recognition and measurement questions should be addressed as part of its project on business combinations.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0053" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1516" class="- topic/p ">IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> was adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Framework</i> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0054" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1517" class="- topic/p ">The reference is to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was amended.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS10_FN0055" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS10_P1518" class="- topic/p ">In this document, monetary items are denominated by ‘currency units’ (CU).</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>