<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e1826" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0185" class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 7 of IAS 1 defines owners as holders of instruments classified as equity. </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0002" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0186" class="- topic/p ">The consolidation guidance was removed from IAS 27 and the Standard was renamed <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph> by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F16164990" id="IFRIC17_X0069" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. The accounting requirements for transactions between owners did not change.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0003" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0187" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0004" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0188" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value                  and contains the requirements for measuring fair value. IFRS 13 defines a Level 1 input                  as a quoted price in an active market                  for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs                  include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IAS 39 refers to unquoted equity instruments as ‘an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0005" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0189" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> requires all investments in equity instruments to be measured at fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0006" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0190" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value          and contains the requirements for measuring fair value. IFRS 13 defines a Level 1 input                  as a quoted price in an active market                  for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs                  include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IFRS 9 refers to such equity instruments as ‘an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0007" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0191" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines a Level 1 input                  as a quoted price in an active market                  for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs                  include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IAS 39 refers to unquoted equity instruments as ‘an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0008" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0192" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> deleted paragraphs AG80 and AG81 of IAS 39. IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value and contains requirements for measuring fair value. IFRS 13 defines a Level 1 input as a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IFRS 9 refers to such equity instruments as ‘an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0009" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0193" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value and contains requirements for measuring fair value. IFRS 13 defines a Level 1 input as a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IFRS 9 refers to such equity instruments as ‘an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0010" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0194" class="- topic/p ">now paragraph 4.41 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>. References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> are to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0011" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0195" class="- topic/p ">References to the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Framework</i> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Interpretation was developed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0012" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0196" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> eliminated the requirement in IAS 39 for some assets to be measured using a historical cost basis.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0013" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0197" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" base="F35623164" id="IFRIC17_X0081" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2014, replaced IAS 18 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue</ph></ph>. IFRS 15 does not address dividends. Dividends should be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 9, or IAS 39 if applicable.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0014" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0198" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0015" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0199" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> eliminated the category of available-for-sale financial assets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0016" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0200" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced the hedge accounting requirements in IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0017" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0201" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0018" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0202" class="- topic/p ">now paragraph 4.47 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC17_FN0019" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC17_P0203" class="- topic/p ">now paragraph 4.10 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>