<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS39_BC201" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC201</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 39" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC201" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant id="IAS39_BC201_V2" base="SL19809555" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant "> <p id="IAS39_P5597" class="- topic/p ">The arguments against the layer approach are as follows: </p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IAS39_L0185" base="SL19809556" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS39_P5598" base="SL19809558" class="- topic/p ">The considerations that apply to a fair value hedge are different from those that apply to a cash flow hedge. In a cash flow hedge, it is the cash flows associated with the reinvestment of probable future collections that are hedged. In a fair value hedge it is the fair value of the assets that currently exist.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS39_P5599" base="SL19809560" class="- topic/p ">The fact that no ineffectiveness is recognised if the amount in a repricing time period is re‑estimated upwards (with the effect that the entity becomes underhedged) is not in accordance with IAS 39. For a fair value hedge, IAS 39 requires that ineffectiveness is recognised both when the entity becomes overhedged (ie the derivative exceeds the hedged item) and when it becomes underhedged (ie the derivative is smaller than the hedged item).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS39_P5600" base="SL19809562" class="- topic/p ">As noted in <xref href="IAS39_BC200.dita#IAS39_BC200" id="IAS39_X1858" base="F19809563" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph BC200(e)</xref>, a prepayable item can be viewed as a combination of a non‑prepayable item and a prepayment option. When interest rates change, the fair value of both of these components changes.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS39_P5601" base="SL19809565" class="- topic/p ">The objective of applying fair value hedge accounting to a hedged item designated in terms of an amount (rather than as individual assets or liabilities) is to obtain results that closely approximate those that would have been obtained if individual assets or liabilities had been designated as the hedged item. If individual prepayable assets had been designated as the hedged item, the change in both the components noted in (c) above (to the extent they are attributable to the hedged risk) would be recognised in profit or loss, both when interest rates increase and when they decrease. Accordingly, the change in the fair value of the hedged asset would differ from the change in the fair value of the hedging derivative (unless that derivative includes an equivalent prepayment option) and ineffectiveness would be recognised for the difference. It follows that in the simplified approach of designating the hedged item as an amount, ineffectiveness should similarly arise.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS39_P5602" base="SL19809567" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">All</i> prepayable assets in a repricing time period, and not just a layer of them, contain a prepayment option whose fair value changes with changes in interest rates. Accordingly, when interest rates change, the fair value of the hedged assets (which include a prepayment option whose fair value has changed) will change by an amount different from that of the hedging derivative (which typically does not contain a prepayment option), and ineffectiveness will arise. This effect occurs regardless of whether interest rates increase or decrease—ie regardless of whether re‑estimates of prepayments result in the amount in a time period being more or less.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value> <p id="IAS39_P5603" base="SL19809570" class="- topic/p ">Interest rate risk and prepayment risk are so closely interrelated that it is not appropriate to separate the two components referred to in <xref href="IAS39_BC200.dita#IAS39_BC200" id="IAS39_X1859" base="F19809571" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph BC200(e)</xref> and designate only one of them (or a part of one of them) as the hedged item. Often the biggest single cause of changes in prepayment rates is changes in interest rates. This close relationship is the reason why IAS 39 prohibits a held‑to‑maturity asset<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS39_FN0134" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> from being a hedged item with respect to either interest rate risk or prepayment risk. Furthermore, most entities do not separate the two components for risk management purposes. Rather, they incorporate the prepayment option by scheduling amounts based on expected maturities. When entities choose to use risk management practices—based on not separating prepayment and interest rate risk—as the basis for designation for hedge accounting purposes, it is not appropriate to separate the two components referred to in <xref href="IAS39_BC200.dita#IAS39_BC200" id="IAS39_X1860" base="F19809574" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph BC200(e)</xref> and designate only one of them (or a part of one of them) as the hedged item.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value> <p id="IAS39_P5604" base="SL19809576" class="- topic/p ">If interest rates change, the effect on the fair value of a portfolio of prepayable items will be different from the effect on the fair value of a portfolio of otherwise identical but non‑prepayable items. However, using a layer approach, this difference would not be recognised—if both portfolios were hedged to the same extent, both would be recognised in the balance sheet at the same amount.</p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>