<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS39_BC200" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC200</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 39" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC200" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant base="SL77660867" id="IAS39_BC200_V2" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant ">       <p id="IAS39_P5583" class="- topic/p ">The arguments for the layer approach are as follows: </p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="SL77660868" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS39_L0183" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL77660870" id="IAS39_P5584" class="- topic/p ">Designating a bottom layer would be consistent with the answers to Questions F.6.1 and F.6.2 of the Guidance on Implementing IAS 39, which allow, for a cash flow hedge, the ‘bottom’ portion of reinvestments of collections from assets to be designated as the hedged item.<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS39_FN0132" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL77660874" id="IAS39_P5585" class="- topic/p ">The entity is hedging interest rate risk rather than prepayment risk. Any changes to the portfolio because of changes in prepayments do not affect how effective the hedge was in mitigating interest rate risk.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p base="SL77660876" id="IAS39_P5586" class="- topic/p ">The approach captures all ineffectiveness on the hedged portion. It merely allows the hedged portion to be defined in such a way that, at least in a bottom layer approach, the first of any potential ineffectiveness relates to the unhedged portion.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>           <p base="SL77660878" id="IAS39_P5587" class="- topic/p ">It is correct that no ineffectiveness arises if changes in prepayment estimates cause more assets to be scheduled into that repricing time period. So long as assets equal to the hedged layer remain, there is no ineffectiveness and upward revisions of the amount in a repricing time period do not affect the hedged layer.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>           <p base="SL77660880" id="IAS39_P5588" class="- topic/p ">A prepayable item can be viewed as a combination of a non‑prepayable item and a prepayment option. The designation of a bottom layer can be viewed as hedging a part of the life of the non‑prepayable item, but none of the prepayment option. For example, a 25‑year prepayable mortgage can be viewed as a combination of (i) a non‑prepayable, fixed term, 25‑year mortgage and (ii) a written prepayment option that allows the borrower to repay the mortgage early. If the entity hedges this asset with a 5‑year derivative, this is equivalent to hedging the first five years of component (i). If the position is viewed in this way, no ineffectiveness arises when interest rate changes cause the value of the prepayment option to change (unless the option is exercised and the asset prepaid) because the prepayment option was not hedged.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>