<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e3851" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IAS24_FN0003" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IAS24_P0415" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" base="SL13817092" id="IAS24_X0265" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 37 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</i></xref> defines executory contracts as contracts under which neither party has performed any of its obligations or both parties have partially performed their obligations to an equal extent. </p></fn><fn id="IAS24_FN0004" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IAS24_P0416" class="- topic/p ">In these examples monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p></fn><fn id="IAS24_FN0005" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IAS24_P0417" class="- topic/p ">If the reporting entity had concluded that this transaction constituted government assistance it would have needed to consider the disclosure requirements in <xref href="../ias20/IAS20_TOC0001.dita#IAS20_TOC0001" base="SL13817336" id="IAS24_X0266" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 20</xref>.</p></fn><fn id="IAS24_FN0006" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IAS24_P0418" class="- topic/p ">In finalising the revised version of IAS 24 in 2009, the Board replaced the term ‘state’ with ‘government’.</p></fn><fn id="IAS24_FN0007" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IAS24_P0419" class="- topic/p ">The consolidation guidance was removed from IAS 27 and the Standard was renamed <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph> by <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 10</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> issued in May 2011. The accounting requirements for separate financial statements were not changed.</p></fn><fn id="IAS24_FN0008" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IAS24_P0420" class="- topic/p ">In May 2011, the Board amended IAS 28 and changed its title to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures.</ph></ph> </p></fn><fn id="IAS24_FN0009" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IAS24_P0421" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs11/IFRS11_TOC.dita#IFRS11_TOC0001" base="F16218332" id="IAS24_X0267" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2011, replaced IAS 31.</p></fn><fn id="IAS24_FN0010" class="- topic/fn "> <p id="IAS24_P0422" class="- topic/p ">The consolidation guidance was removed from IAS 27 and the Standard was renamed <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph> by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F16164920" id="IAS24_X0268" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. The definition of separate financial statements was not changed.</p></fn></bodydiv></body></topic>