<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS13_B43" base="F16132881"><paranum>B43</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13"/><data name="paranum" value="B43"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P0436">The determination of whether a transaction is orderly  (or is not orderly) is more difficult if there has been a significant decrease in the volume or level of activity for the asset or liability in relation to normal market activity for the asset or liability (or similar assets or liabilities).  In such circumstances it is not appropriate to conclude that all transactions in that market are not orderly (ie forced liquidations or distress sales).  Circumstances that may indicate that a transaction is not orderly include the following:</p><ol id="IFRS13_L0052" base="F16132883" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0437" base="F16132884">There was not adequate exposure to the market for a period before the measurement date to allow for marketing activities that are usual and customary for transactions involving such assets or liabilities under current market conditions.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0438" base="F16132886">There was a usual and customary marketing period, but the seller marketed the asset or liability to a single market participant. </p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0439" base="F16132888">The seller is in or near bankruptcy or receivership (ie the seller is distressed).</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0440" base="F16132890">The seller was required to sell to meet regulatory or legal requirements (ie the seller was forced).</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0441" base="F16132892">The transaction price is an outlier when compared with other recent transactions for the same or a similar asset or liability.</p></li></ol><p id="IFRS13_P0442" base="F16132893">An entity shall evaluate the circumstances to determine whether, on the weight of the evidence available, the transaction is orderly.</p></body></paragraph>