<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="d5e20290"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IFRS13_FN0003">       <p id="IFRS13_P2555">In this IFRS monetary amounts are denominated in &#x2018;currency units (CU)&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0004">       <p id="IFRS13_P2556">In these examples, monetary amounts are denominated in &#x2018;currency units (CU)&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0005">       <p id="IFRS13_P2557">On the basis of its analysis of the nature, characteristics and risks of the securities, the entity has determined that presenting them by industry is appropriate.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0006">       <p id="IFRS13_P2558">On the basis of its analysis of the nature, characteristics and risks of the investments, the entity has determined that presenting them as a single class is appropriate.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0007">       <p id="IFRS13_P2559">In accordance with IFRS 5,                  assets held for sale with a carrying amount of CU35 million were written down to their fair value of CU26 million, less costs to sell of CU6 million (or CU20 million), resulting in a loss of CU15 million, which was included in profit or loss for the period.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0008">       <p id="IFRS13_P2560">Transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 because of a lack of observable market data, resulting from a decrease in market activity for the securities.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0009">       <p id="IFRS13_P2561">The entity's policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of Level 3 as of the date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0010">       <p id="IFRS13_P2562">Transferred from Level 3 to Level 2 because observable market data became available for the securities.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0011">       <p id="IFRS13_P2563">Represents amounts used when the entity has determined that market participants would take into account these premiums and discounts when pricing the investments.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0012">       <p id="IFRS13_P2564">Represents amounts used when the entity has determined that market participants would use such multiples when pricing the investments.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0013">       <p id="IFRS13_P2565">The entity has determined that the reported net asset value represents fair value at the end of the reporting period.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0014">       <p id="IFRS13_P2566">Represents the range of the volatility curves used in the valuation analysis that the entity has determined market participants would use when the pricing contracts.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0015">       <p id="IFRS13_P2567">Represents the range of the credit default swap spread curves used in the valuation analysis that the entity has determined market participants would use when pricing the contracts.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0016">       <p id="IFRS13_P2568"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0017">       <p id="IFRS13_P2569"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0018">       <p id="IFRS13_P2570"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0019">       <p id="IFRS13_P2571"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0020">       <p id="IFRS13_P2572"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0021">       <p id="IFRS13_P2573"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0022">       <p id="IFRS13_P2574"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0023">       <p id="IFRS13_P2575"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0024">       <p id="IFRS13_P2576"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0025">       <p id="IFRS13_P2577"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0026">       <p id="IFRS13_P2578"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0027">       <p id="IFRS13_P2579">In October 2012 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to <xref base="F24731260" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IFRS13_X1428">IFRS 10</xref>, <xref base="F24731261" href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_TOC.dita#IFRS12_TOC0001" id="IFRS13_X1429">IFRS 12</xref> and <xref base="F24731262" href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001" id="IFRS13_X1430">IAS 27</xref>), which required investment entities, as defined in IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph>, to measure their investments in subsidiaries, other than those providing investment-related services or activities, at fair value through profit or loss. In their redeliberations on the Investment Entities project, the Board considered providing a net asset value practical expedient. However, the Board decided against this because there are different calculation methods in different jurisdictions and it is outside the scope of the Investment Entities project to provide fair value measurement guidance for investments in investment entities.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0028">       <p id="IFRS13_P2580"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS13_FN0029">       <p id="IFRS13_P2581"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>