<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS34_16A" principles="yes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">16A</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 34" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="16A" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body outputclass="bold" class="- topic/body "><variant base="F32750103" id="IAS34_16A_V4" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant ">       <p id="IAS34_P0153" class="- topic/p ">In addition to disclosing significant events and transactions in accordance with <xref href="IAS34_15.dita#IAS34_15" base="F32750104" id="IAS34_X0165" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 15–15C</xref>, an entity shall include the following information, in the notes to its interim financial statements or elsewhere in the interim financial report. The following disclosures shall be given either in the interim financial statements or incorporated by cross-reference from the interim financial statements to some other statement (such as management commentary or risk report) that is available to users of the financial statements on the same terms as the interim financial statements and at the same time. If users of the financial statements do not have access to the information incorporated by cross-reference on the same terms and at the same time, the interim financial report is incomplete.                  The information shall normally be reported on a financial year‑to‑date basis.</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="F32750105" id="IAS34_L0013" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IAS34_16A_a" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p base="F32750107" id="IAS34_P0154" class="- topic/p ">a statement that the same accounting policies and methods of computation are followed in the interim financial statements as compared with the most recent annual financial statements or, if those policies or methods have been changed, a description of the nature and effect of the change.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_b" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p base="F32750110" id="IAS34_P0155" class="- topic/p ">explanatory comments about the seasonality or cyclicality of interim operations.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_c" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p base="F32750113" id="IAS34_P0156" class="- topic/p ">the nature and amount of items affecting assets, liabilities, equity, net income or cash flows that are unusual because of their nature, size or incidence.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_d" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>           <p base="F32750116" id="IAS34_P0157" class="- topic/p ">the nature and amount of changes in estimates of amounts reported in prior interim periods of the current financial year or changes in estimates of amounts reported in prior financial years.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_e" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>           <p base="F32750119" id="IAS34_P0158" class="- topic/p ">issues, repurchases and repayments of debt and equity securities.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_f" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value>           <p base="F32750122" id="IAS34_P0159" class="- topic/p ">dividends paid (aggregate or per share) separately for ordinary shares and other shares.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_g" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value>           <p base="F32750125" id="IAS34_P0160" class="- topic/p ">the following segment information (disclosure of segment information is required in an entity’s interim financial report only if <xref href="../ifrs08/IFRS08_TOC.dita#IFRS08_TOC0001" base="F32750127" id="IAS34_X0167" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 8</xref> <xref href="../ifrs08/IFRS08_TOC.dita#IFRS08_TOC0001" base="F32750128" id="IAS34_X0168" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Operating Segments</ph></ph></xref> requires that entity to disclose segment information in its annual financial statements):</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F32750130" id="IAS34_L0014" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IAS34_16A_g_i" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>               <p base="F32750132" id="IAS34_P0161" class="- topic/p ">revenues from external customers, if included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker.</p>             </li><li id="IAS34_16A_g_ii" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F32750135" id="IAS34_P0162" class="- topic/p ">intersegment revenues, if included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker.</p>             </li><li id="IAS34_16A_g_iii" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>               <p base="F32750138" id="IAS34_P0163" class="- topic/p ">a measure of segment profit or loss.</p>             </li><li id="IAS34_16A_g_iv" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iv)</li_value>               <p base="F32750141" id="IAS34_P0164" class="- topic/p ">a measure of total assets and liabilities for a particular reportable segment if such amounts are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker and if there has been a material change from the amount disclosed in the last annual financial statements for that reportable segment.                                </p>             </li><li id="IAS34_16A_g_v" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(v)</li_value>               <p base="F32750146" id="IAS34_P0165" class="- topic/p ">a description of differences from the last annual financial statements in the basis of segmentation or in the basis of measurement of segment profit or loss.</p>             </li><li id="IAS34_16A_g_vi" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(vi)</li_value>               <p base="F32750149" id="IAS34_P0166" class="- topic/p ">a reconciliation of the total of the reportable segments’ measures of profit or loss to the entity’s profit or loss before tax expense (tax income) and discontinued operations. However, if an entity allocates to reportable segments items such as tax expense (tax income), the entity may reconcile the total of the segments’ measures of profit or loss to profit or loss after those items. Material reconciling items shall be separately identified and described in that reconciliation.</p>             </li></ol>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_h" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(h)</li_value>           <p base="F32750152" id="IAS34_P0167" class="- topic/p ">events after the interim period that have not been reflected in the financial statements for the interim period.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_i" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>           <p base="F32750155" id="IAS34_P0168" class="- topic/p ">the effect of changes in the composition of the entity during the interim period, including business combinations, obtaining or losing control of subsidiaries and long‑term investments, restructurings, and discontinued operations. In the case of business combinations, the entity shall disclose the information required by <xref href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001" base="F32750157" id="IAS34_X0170" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 3</xref> <xref href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001" base="F32750158" id="IAS34_X0171" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph></xref>.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_j" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(j)</li_value>           <p base="F32750161" id="IAS34_P0169" class="- topic/p ">for financial instruments, the disclosures about fair value required by <xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_91.dita#IFRS13_91" base="F32750163" id="IAS34_X0172" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 91–93(h)</xref>, <xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_94.dita#IFRS13_94" base="F32750164" id="IAS34_X0173" class="- topic/xref ">94–96</xref>, <xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_98.dita#IFRS13_98" base="F32750165" id="IAS34_X0174" class="- topic/xref ">98 and 99</xref> of <xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" base="F32750166" id="IAS34_X0175" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph></xref> and <xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_25.dita#IFRS07_25" base="F32750168" id="IAS34_X0176" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 25, 26</xref> and <xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_28.dita#IFRS07_28/IFRS07_28_V1" base="F32750169" id="IAS34_X0177" class="- topic/xref ">28–30</xref> of <xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" base="F32750170" id="IAS34_X0178" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 7 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph></xref>.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_k" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(k)</li_value>           <p base="SL32750173" id="IAS34_P0170" principles="yes" class="- topic/p ">for entities becoming, or ceasing to be, investment entities, as defined in <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F32750174" id="IAS34_X0179" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10</xref> <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph>, the disclosures in <xref href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_TOC.dita#IFRS12_TOC0001" base="F32750176" id="IAS34_X0180" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 12</xref> <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities</ph></ph> <xref href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_9B.dita#IFRS12_9B" base="F32750178" id="IAS34_X0181" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 9B</xref>.</p>         </li><li id="IAS34_16A_l" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(l)</li_value>           <p base="F32749978" id="IAS34_P0171" principles="yes" class="- topic/p ">the disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers required by <xref href="../ifrs15/IFRS15_g114-115.dita" base="F32749980" id="IAS34_X0182" scope="local" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 114–115 of IFRS 15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>