<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="CF2018_SP1.5" base="F72787432"><paranum>SP1.5</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value=""/><data name="paranum" value="SP1.5"/></prolog><body><p id="CF2018_P0009">The <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> contributes to the stated mission of the IFRS Foundation and of the Board, which is part of the IFRS Foundation. That mission is to develop Standards that bring transparency, accountability and efficiency to financial markets around the world. The Board&#x2019;s work serves the public interest by fostering trust, growth and long-term financial stability in the global economy. The <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> provides the foundation for Standards that: </p><ol id="CF2018_L0002" base="F72787434" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p id="CF2018_P0010" base="F72787435">contribute to transparency by enhancing the international comparability and quality of financial information, enabling investors and other market participants to make informed economic decisions.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p id="CF2018_P0011" base="F72787437">strengthen accountability by reducing the information gap between the providers of capital and the people to whom they have entrusted their money. Standards based on the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> provide information needed to hold management to account. As a source of globally comparable information, those Standards are also of vital importance to regulators around the world.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p id="CF2018_P0012" base="F72787439">contribute to economic efficiency by helping investors to identify opportunities and risks across the world, thus improving capital allocation. For businesses, the use of a single, trusted accounting language derived from Standards based on the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> lowers the cost of capital and reduces international reporting costs.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>