<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="IFRS09_0003"><title id="IFRS09_0003_TI" base="F32570971" level="4" indented="yes">Assets measured at fair value</title><body><bodydiv id="IFRS09_UN0003" base="F32570972"> <ol id="IFRS09_L0098" base="SL32570973" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P0835" base="SL32570975">If a call option right retained by an entity prevents a transferred asset from being derecognised and the entity measures the transferred asset at fair value, the asset continues to be measured at its fair value. The associated liability is measured at (i) the option exercise price less the time value of the option if the option is in or at the money, or (ii) the fair value of the transferred asset less the time value of the option if the option is out of the money. The adjustment to the measurement of the associated liability ensures that the net carrying amount of the asset and the associated liability is the fair value of the call option right. For example, if the fair value of the underlying asset is CU80, the option exercise price is CU95 and the time value of the option is CU5, the carrying amount of the associated liability is CU75 (CU80 &#x2013; CU5) and the carrying amount of the transferred asset is CU80 (ie its fair value).</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P0836" base="F32570977">If a put option written by an entity prevents a transferred asset from being derecognised and the entity measures the transferred asset at fair value, the associated liability is measured at the option exercise price plus the time value of the option. The measurement of the asset at fair value is limited to the lower of the fair value and the option exercise price because the entity has no right to increases in the fair value of the transferred asset above the exercise price of the option. This ensures that the net carrying amount of the asset and the associated liability is the fair value of the put option obligation. For example, if the fair value of the underlying asset is CU120, the option exercise price is CU100 and the time value of the option is CU5, the carrying amount of the associated liability is CU105 (CU100 + CU5) and the carrying amount of the asset is CU100 (in this case the option exercise price).</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P0837" base="F32570979">If a collar, in the form of a purchased call and written put, prevents a transferred asset from being derecognised and the entity measures the asset at fair value, it continues to measure the asset at fair value. The associated liability is measured at (i) the sum of the call exercise price and fair value of the put option less the time value of the call option, if the call option is in or at the money, or (ii) the sum of the fair value of the asset and the fair value of the put option less the time value of the call option if the call option is out of the money. The adjustment to the associated liability ensures that the net carrying amount of the asset and the associated liability is the fair value of the options held and written by the entity. For example, assume an entity transfers a financial asset that is measured at fair value while simultaneously purchasing a call with an exercise price of CU120 and writing a put with an exercise price of CU80. Assume also that the fair value of the asset is CU100 at the date of the transfer. The time value of the put and call are CU1 and CU5 respectively. In this case, the entity recognises an asset of CU100 (the fair value of the asset) and a liability of CU96 [(CU100 + CU1) &#x2013; CU5]. This gives a net asset value of CU4, which is the fair value of the options held and written by the entity.</p></li></ol></bodydiv></body></topic>