<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="SL32626841" id="IFRS09_B6.5.5"><paranum>B6.5.5</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="B6.5.5"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P1589">To calculate the change in the value of the hedged item for the purpose of measuring hedge ineffectiveness, an entity may use a <xref base="F32570638" href="IFRS09_APPA.dita#IFRS09_APPA/IFRS09_P0689">derivative<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0086"/></ph></xref> that would have terms that match the critical terms of the hedged item (this is commonly referred to as a &#x2018;hypothetical derivative&#x2019;), and, for example for a hedge of a <xref base="F32570691" href="IFRS09_APPA.dita#IFRS09_APPA/IFRS09_P0711">forecast transaction<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0138"/></ph></xref>, would be calibrated using the hedged price (or rate) level. For example, if the hedge was for a two-sided risk at the current market level, the hypothetical derivative would represent a hypothetical forward contract that is calibrated to a value of nil at the time of designation of the hedging relationship. If the hedge was for example for a one-sided risk, the hypothetical derivative would represent the intrinsic value of a hypothetical option that at the time of designation of the hedging relationship is at the money if the hedged price level is the current market level, or out of the money if the hedged price level is above (or, for a hedge of a long position, below) the current market level. Using a hypothetical derivative is one possible way of calculating the change in the value of the hedged item. The hypothetical derivative replicates the hedged item and hence results in the same outcome as if that change in value was determined by a different approach. Hence, using a &#x2018;hypothetical derivative&#x2019; is not a method in its own right but a mathematical expedient that can only be used to calculate the value of the hedged item. Consequently, a &#x2018;hypothetical derivative&#x2019; cannot be used to include features in the value of the hedged item that only exist in the hedging instrument (but not in the hedged item). An example is debt denominated in a foreign currency (irrespective of whether it is fixed-rate or variable-rate debt). When using a hypothetical derivative to calculate the change in the value of such debt or the present value of the cumulative change in its cash flows, the hypothetical derivative cannot simply impute a charge for exchanging different currencies even though actual derivatives under which different currencies are exchanged might include such a charge (for example, cross-currency interest rate swaps).            </p></body></paragraph>