<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph principles="yes" id="IFRS09_2.1"><paranum>2.1</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="2.1"/></prolog><body><bodydiv base="F58785449" id="IFRS09_2.1_V3">       <p id="IFRS09_P0048">This Standard shall be applied by all entities to all types of financial           instruments except:</p>       <ol base="F58785450" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS09_L0005"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="F58785452" id="IFRS09_P0049">those interests in subsidiaries, associates and             joint ventures that are accounted for in accordance with <xref base="F58785453" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IFRS09_X0156">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial                   Statements</ph></ph></xref>, <xref href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita" scope="local" id="IFRS09_X0157">IAS 27 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Separate Financial               Statements</ph></ph></xref> or <xref base="F58785457" href="../ias28/IAS28_TOC.dita#IAS28_TOC0001" id="IFRS09_X0158">IAS 28 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investments in                   Associates and Joint Ventures</ph></ph></xref>.  However, in some cases, IFRS 10, IAS 27 or IAS 28 require or permit an entity to             account for an interest in a subsidiary, associate or joint venture in accordance with             some or all of the requirements of this Standard. Entities shall also apply this             Standard to <xref base="F32570638" href="IFRS09_APPA.dita#IFRS09_APPA/IFRS09_P0689">derivatives<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0086"/></ph></xref> on an interest in a subsidiary, associate or joint venture unless the             derivative meets the definition of an equity instrument of the entity in <xref base="F58785460" href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001" id="IFRS09_X0161">IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial                   Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph></xref>.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="F58785463" id="IFRS09_P0050">rights and obligations under leases to which <xref base="F58785464" href="../ifrs16/IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" id="IFRS09_X0162">IFRS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Leases</ph></ph></xref> applies. However:</p>           <ol base="F58785466" type="lower-roman" id="IFRS09_L0006"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="F58785468" id="IFRS09_P0051">finance lease receivables (ie net investments in                 finance leases) and operating lease receivables recognised by a lessor are subject                 to the <xref base="F32570634" href="IFRS09_APPA.dita#IFRS09_APPA/IFRS09_P0687">derecognition<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0085"/></ph></xref> and impairment requirements of this Standard;</p>             </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F58785471" id="IFRS09_P0052">lease liabilities recognised by a lessee are                 subject to the derecognition requirements in <xref base="F58785472" href="IFRS09_3.3.1.dita#IFRS09_3.3.1" id="IFRS09_X0163">paragraph 3.3.1 of this                   Standard</xref>; and</p>             </li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value>               <p base="F58785474" id="IFRS09_P0053"><xref base="F32570638" href="IFRS09_APPA.dita#IFRS09_APPA/IFRS09_P0689">derivatives<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0086"/></ph></xref> that are                 embedded in leases are subject to the embedded derivatives requirements of this                 Standard.</p>             </li></ol>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p base="F58785477" id="IFRS09_P0054">employers&#x2019; rights and obligations under employee             benefit plans, to which <xref base="F58785478" href="../ias19/IAS19_TOC0001.dita#IAS19_TOC0001" id="IFRS09_X0164">IAS 19 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Employee                 Benefits</ph></ph></xref> applies.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p base="F58785481" id="IFRS09_P0055">financial instruments issued by the entity that meet             the definition of an equity instrument in IAS 32 (including options and warrants) or             that are required to be classified as an equity instrument in accordance with <xref base="F58785482" href="../ias32/IAS32_g16A-16B.dita#IAS32_g16A-16B/IAS32_g16A-16B_TI" id="IFRS09_X0165">paragraphs 16A and 16B</xref> or <xref base="F58785483" href="../ias32/IAS32_g16C-16D.dita#IAS32_g16C-16D/IAS32_g16C-16D_TI" id="IFRS09_X0166">paragraphs 16C and 16D of IAS 32</xref>. However, the holder of such equity             instruments shall apply this Standard to those instruments, unless they meet the             exception in (a).</p>         </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>           <p base="F58785485" id="IFRS09_P0056">rights and obligations arising under an <xref href="../ifrs17/IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0532" scope="local">insurance                 contract<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0186"/></ph></xref> as             defined in <xref base="F59237166" href="../ifrs17/IFRS17_g3-13.dita#IFRS17_g3-13/IFRS17_g3-13_TI" id="IFRS09_X0167">IFRS 17 <i>Insurance Contracts</i></xref>, or an <xref href="../ifrs17/IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0543" scope="local">investment               contract with discretionary participation features<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0204"/></ph></xref> within the scope of IFRS 17. However, this             Standard applies to:</p>           <ol type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p><xref href="IFRS09_APPA.dita#IFRS09_APPA/IFRS09_P0689">derivatives<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0086"/></ph></xref> that are                 embedded in contracts within the scope of IFRS 17, if the derivatives are not                 themselves contracts within the scope of IFRS 17.</p>             </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p><xref href="../ifrs17/IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0542">investment                     components<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0203"/></ph></xref> that are separated from contracts within the scope of IFRS 17, if                 IFRS 17 requires such separation, unless the separated investment component is an                 investment contract with discretionary participation features within the scope of                 IFRS 17.</p>             </li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value>               <p>an issuer&#x2019;s rights and obligations under insurance contracts that meet the                 definition of a <xref href="IFRS09_APPA.dita#IFRS09_APPA/IFRS09_P0703">financial                   guarantee contract<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0125"/></ph></xref>. However, if an issuer of financial guarantee contracts has                 previously asserted explicitly that it regards such contracts as insurance contracts                 and has used accounting that is applicable to insurance contracts, the issuer may                 elect to apply either this Standard or <xref base="F59237167" href="../ifrs17/IFRS17_TOC.dita#IFRS17_TOC0001" id="IFRS09_X0168">IFRS 17</xref> to such financial guarantee contracts (see <xref base="F58785491" href="IFRS09_B2.5.dita#IFRS09_B2.5" id="IFRS09_X0169">paragraphs B2.5&#x2013;B2.6</xref>). The issuer may make that election contract by                 contract, but the election for each contract is irrevocable.</p>             </li><li><li_value>(iv)</li_value>               <p>an entity&#x2019;s rights and obligations that are <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_11.dita#IAS32_11/IAS32_P0110">financial instruments<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0126"/></ph></xref> arising                 under credit card contracts, or similar contracts that provide credit or payment                 arrangements, that an entity issues that meet the definition of an insurance                 contract but which paragraph 7(h) of IFRS 17 excludes from the scope of IFRS 17.                 However, if, and only if, the insurance coverage is a contractual term of such a                 financial instrument, the entity shall separate that component and apply IFRS 17 to                 it (see paragraph 7(h) of IFRS 17).</p>             </li><li><li_value>(v)</li_value>               <p>an entity&#x2019;s rights and obligations that are financial instruments arising under                 insurance contracts that an entity issues that limit the compensation for insured                 events to the amount otherwise required to settle the policyholder&#x2019;s obligation                 created by the contract, if the entity elects, in accordance with paragraph 8A of                 IFRS 17, to apply IFRS 9 instead of IFRS 17 to such contracts.</p>             </li></ol>                    </li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>           <p base="F58785495" id="IFRS09_P0058">any forward contract between an acquirer and a             selling shareholder to buy or sell an acquiree that will result in a business             combination within the <xref base="F58785496" href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_g2-2A.dita#IFRS03_g2-2A/IFRS03_g2-2A_TI" id="IFRS09_X0171">scope of IFRS 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph></xref> at a future acquisition date. The term of             the forward contract should not exceed a reasonable period normally necessary to obtain             any required approvals and to complete the transaction.</p>                    </li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value>           <p base="F58785501" id="IFRS09_P0060">loan commitments other than those loan commitments             described in <xref base="F58785502" href="IFRS09_2.3.dita#IFRS09_2.3" id="IFRS09_X0173">paragraph 2.3</xref>. However, an issuer of loan commitments shall apply the             impairment requirements  of this Standard to loan commitments             that are not otherwise within the scope of this Standard. Also, all loan commitments are             subject to the <xref base="F32570634" href="IFRS09_APPA.dita#IFRS09_APPA/IFRS09_P0687">derecognition<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0085"/></ph></xref> requirements of this Standard.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(h)</li_value>           <p base="F58785508" id="IFRS09_P0061">financial instruments, contracts and obligations             under share-based payment transactions to which <xref base="F58785509" href="../ifrs02/IFRS02_TOC.dita#IFRS02_TOC0001" id="IFRS09_X0176">IFRS 2 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Share-based                 Payment</ph></ph></xref> applies, except for contracts within the scope of <xref href="IFRS09_2.4.dita" scope="local" id="IFRS09_X0177">paragraphs 2.4&#x2013;2.7</xref> of             this Standard to which this Standard applies.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>           <p base="F58785513" id="IFRS09_P0062">rights to payments to reimburse the entity for             expenditure that it is required to make to settle a liability that it recognises as a             provision in accordance with <xref base="F58785514" href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" id="IFRS09_X0178">IAS 37 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent                   Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph></xref>, or for which, in an earlier             period, it recognised a provision in accordance with IAS 37.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(j)</li_value>           <p base="F58785517" id="IFRS09_P0063">rights and obligations within the <xref base="F58785518" href="../ifrs15/IFRS15_5.dita#IFRS15_5/IFRS15_5_V1" id="IFRS09_X0179">scope of IFRS 15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref> that are financial             instruments, except for those that IFRS 15 specifies are accounted for in accordance             with this Standard.</p>         </li></ol>     </bodydiv></body></paragraph>