<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS09_B6.5.29" base="SL32626932"><paranum>B6.5.29</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="B6.5.29"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P1644">An option can be considered as being related to a time period because its time value represents a charge for providing protection for the option holder over a period of time. However, the relevant aspect for the purpose of assessing whether an option hedges a transaction or time-period related hedged item are the characteristics of that hedged item, including how and when it affects profit or loss. Hence, an entity shall assess the type of hedged item (see <xref id="IFRS09_X1605" base="F42077819" href="IFRS09_g6.5.15-6.5.15.dita#IFRS09_g6.5.15-6.5.15/IFRS09_g6.5.15-6.5.15_TI">paragraph 6.5.15(a)</xref>) on the basis of the nature of the hedged item (regardless of whether the hedging relationship is a cash flow hedge or a fair value hedge):</p><ol id="IFRS09_L0160" base="SL32626933" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P1645" base="SL32626935">the time value of an option relates to a transaction related hedged item if the nature of the hedged item is a transaction for which the time value has the character of costs of that transaction. An example is when the time value of an option relates to a hedged item that results in the recognition of an item whose initial measurement includes <xref base="F32570761" href="IFRS09_APPA.dita#IFRS09_APPA/IFRS09_P0740">transaction costs<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0369"/></ph></xref> (for example, an entity hedges a commodity purchase, whether it is a <xref base="F32570691" href="IFRS09_APPA.dita#IFRS09_APPA/IFRS09_P0711">forecast transaction<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0138"/></ph></xref> or a <xref base="F32570687" href="IFRS09_APPA.dita#IFRS09_APPA/IFRS09_P0709">firm commitment<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0131"/></ph></xref>, against the commodity price risk and includes the transaction costs in the initial measurement of the inventory). As a consequence of including the time value of the option in the initial measurement of the particular hedged item, the time value affects profit or loss at the same time as that hedged item. Similarly, an entity that hedges a sale of a commodity, whether it is a forecast transaction or a firm commitment, would include the time value of the option as part of the cost related to that sale (hence, the time value would be recognised in profit or loss in the same period as the revenue from the hedged sale).</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P1646" base="SL32626937">the time value of an option relates to a time-period related hedged item if the nature of the hedged item is such that the time value has the character of a cost for obtaining protection against a risk over a particular period of time (but the hedged item does not result in a transaction that involves the notion of a transaction cost in accordance with (a)). For example, if commodity inventory is hedged against a fair value decrease for six months using a commodity option with a corresponding life, the time value of the option would be allocated to profit or loss (ie amortised on a systematic and rational basis) over that six-month period. Another example is a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation that is hedged for 18 months using a foreign-exchange option, which would result in allocating the time value of the option over that 18-month period.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>