<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F32570810" id="IFRS09_B3.1.2"><paranum>B3.1.2</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="B3.1.2"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P0775" outputclass="keep_with_next">The following are examples of applying the principle in <xref base="F41906980" href="IFRS09_B3.2.15.dita#IFRS09_B3.2.15" id="IFRS09_X1057">paragraph 3.1.1</xref>:</p><ol base="F32570812" id="IFRS09_L0091" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F32570813" id="IFRS09_P0776">Unconditional receivables and payables are recognised as assets or liabilities when the entity becomes a party to the contract and, as a consequence, has a legal right to receive or a legal obligation to pay cash.</p> </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F32570815" id="IFRS09_P0778">Assets to be acquired and liabilities to be incurred as a result of a <xref base="F32570687" href="IFRS09_APPA.dita#IFRS09_APPA/IFRS09_P0709">firm commitment<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0131"/></ph></xref> to purchase or sell goods or services are generally not recognised until at least one of the parties has performed under the agreement. For example, an entity that receives a firm order does not generally recognise an asset (and the entity that places the order does not recognise a liability) at the time of the commitment but, instead, delays recognition until the ordered goods or services have been shipped, delivered or rendered. If a firm commitment to buy or sell non&#x2011;financial items is within the scope of this Standard in accordance with <xref base="F41907001" href="IFRS09_IG_SectionD.dita#IFRS09_0068/IFRS09_0068_TI" id="IFRS09_X1059">paragraphs 2.4&#x2013;2.7</xref>, its net fair value is recognised as an asset or a liability on the commitment date (see <xref base="F41907002" href="IFRS09_2.4.dita#IFRS09_2.4" id="IFRS09_X1060">paragraph B4.1.30(c)</xref>). In addition, if a previously unrecognised firm commitment is designated as a hedged item in a fair value hedge, any change in the net fair value attributable to the hedged risk is recognised as an asset or a liability after the inception of the hedge (see <xref base="F41907003" href="IFRS09_B4.1.30.dita#IFRS09_B4.1.30/IFRS09_B4.1.30_V1" id="IFRS09_X1061">paragraphs 6.5.8(b)</xref> and <xref base="F41907004" href="IFRS09_g6.5.8-6.5.10.dita#IFRS09_g6.5.8-6.5.10/IFRS09_g6.5.8-6.5.10_TI" id="IFRS09_X1062">6.5.9</xref>).</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F32570817" id="IFRS09_P0779">A forward contract that is within the scope of this Standard (see <xref base="F41907005" href="IFRS09_6.5.9.dita#IFRS09_6.5.9" id="IFRS09_X1063">paragraph 2.1</xref>) is recognised as an asset or a liability on the commitment date, instead of on the date on which settlement takes place. When an entity becomes a party to a forward contract, the fair values of the right and obligation are often equal, so that the net fair value of the forward is zero. If the net fair value of the right and obligation is not zero, the contract is recognised as an asset or liability.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p base="F32570829" id="IFRS09_P0780">Option contracts that are within the scope of this Standard (see <xref base="F41907006" href="IFRS09_g2.1-2.7.dita#IFRS09_g2.1-2.7/IFRS09_g2.1-2.7_TI" id="IFRS09_X1064">paragraph 2.1</xref>) are recognised as assets or liabilities when the holder or writer becomes a party to the contract.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p base="F32570831" id="IFRS09_P0781">Planned future transactions, no matter how likely, are not assets and liabilities because the entity has not become a party to a contract.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>