<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F55667119" id="IFRS17_B26"><paranum>B26</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17"/><data name="paranum" value="B26"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS17_P0608">The following are examples of contracts that are <xref base="F55666957" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0532">insurance contracts<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0186"/></ph></xref> if the transfer of <xref base="F55666976" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0539">insurance risk<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0190"/></ph></xref> is significant: </p><ol base="F55667121" id="IFRS17_L0104" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F55667122" id="IFRS17_P0609">insurance against theft or damage.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F55667124" id="IFRS17_P0610">insurance against product liability, professional liability, civil liability or legal expenses.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F55667127" id="IFRS17_P0611">life insurance and prepaid funeral plans (although death is certain, it is uncertain when death will occur or, for some types of life insurance, whether death will occur within the period covered by the insurance).</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p base="F55667129" id="IFRS17_P0612">life-contingent annuities and pensions, ie contracts that provide compensation for the uncertain future event&#x2014;the survival of the annuitant or pensioner&#x2014;to provide the annuitant or pensioner with a level of income that would otherwise be adversely affected by his or her survival. (Employers&#x2019; liabilities that arise from employee benefit plans and retirement benefit obligations reported by defined benefit retirement plans are outside the scope of IFRS 17, applying <xref base="F59236131" href="IFRS17_7.dita#IFRS17_7" id="IFRS17_X0557">paragraph 7(b)</xref>).</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p base="F55667131" id="IFRS17_P0613">insurance against disability and medical costs.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p base="F55667133" id="IFRS17_P0614">surety bonds, fidelity bonds, performance bonds and bid bonds, ie contracts that compensate the holder if another party fails to perform a contractual obligation; for example, an obligation to construct a building.</p></li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value> <p base="F55667135" id="IFRS17_P0615">product warranties. Product warranties issued by another party for goods sold by a manufacturer, dealer or retailer are within the scope of IFRS 17. However, product warranties issued directly by a manufacturer, dealer or retailer are outside the scope of IFRS 17 applying <xref base="F59236132" href="IFRS17_7.dita#IFRS17_7" id="IFRS17_X0558">paragraph 7(a)</xref>, and are instead within the scope of <xref base="F60594396" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001/IFRS15_TOC0001_V2" id="IFRS17_X0559">IFRS 15</xref> or <xref base="F60594397" href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" id="IFRS17_X0560">IAS 37 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph></xref>.</p> </li><li><li_value>(h)</li_value> <p base="F55667138" id="IFRS17_P0617">title insurance (insurance against the discovery of defects in the title to land or buildings that were not apparent when the insurance contract was issued). In this case, the <xref base="F55666980" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0541">insured event<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0191"/></ph></xref> is the discovery of a defect in the title, not the defect itself.</p></li><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p base="F55667140" id="IFRS17_P0618">travel insurance (compensation in cash or in kind to <xref base="F55667014" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0552">policyholders<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0291"/></ph></xref> for losses suffered in advance of, or during, travel).</p></li><li><li_value>(j)</li_value> <p base="F55667142" id="IFRS17_P0619">catastrophe bonds that provide for reduced payments of principal, interest or both, if a specified event adversely affects the issuer of the bond (unless the specified event does not create significant insurance risk; for example, if the event is a change in an interest rate or a foreign exchange rate).</p></li><li><li_value>(k)</li_value> <p base="F55667144" id="IFRS17_P0620">insurance swaps and other contracts that require a payment depending on changes in climatic, geological or other physical variables that are specific to a party to the contract.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>