<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS17_B65" base="F55667304"><paranum>B65</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17"/><data name="paranum" value="B65"/></prolog><body><bodydiv base="IFRS2020-3">       <p id="IFRS17_P0710">Cash flows within the boundary of an <xref base="F55666957" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0532">insurance contract<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0186"/></ph></xref> are those that relate directly to the fulfilment of the contract, including cash flows for which the entity has discretion over the amount or timing.                  The cash flows within the boundary include: </p>       <ol id="IFRS17_L0118" base="F55667306" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0711" base="F55667307">premiums (including premium adjustments and instalment premiums) from a <xref base="F55667014" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0552">policyholder<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0291"/></ph></xref> and any additional cash flows that result from those premiums.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0712" base="F55667309">payments to (or on behalf of) a policyholder, including claims that have already been reported but have not yet been paid (ie reported claims), incurred claims for events that have occurred but for which claims have not been reported and all future claims for which the entity has a substantive obligation (see <xref id="IFRS17_X0612" base="F59236252" href="IFRS17_34.dita#IFRS17_34">paragraph 34</xref>).</p>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0713" base="F55667311">payments to (or on behalf of) a policyholder that vary depending on returns on <xref base="F55667030" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0556">underlying items<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0374"/></ph></xref>.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0714" base="F55667313">payments to (or on behalf of) a policyholder resulting from derivatives, for example, options and guarantees embedded in the contract, to the extent that those options and guarantees are not separated from the insurance contract (see <xref id="IFRS17_X0613" base="F59236302" href="IFRS17_11.dita#IFRS17_11">paragraph 11(a)</xref>).</p>         </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0715" base="F55667315">an allocation of <xref base="F55666953" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0531">insurance acquisition cash flows<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0184"/></ph></xref> attributable to the <xref base="F55667018" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0553">portfolio<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0294"/></ph></xref> to which the contract belongs.</p>                    </li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0717" base="F55667317">claim handling costs (ie the costs the entity will incur in investigating, processing and resolving claims under existing insurance contracts, including legal and loss-adjusters&#x2019; fees and internal costs of investigating claims and processing claim payments).</p>         </li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0718" base="F55667319">costs the entity will incur in providing contractual benefits paid in kind.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(h)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0719" base="F55667322">policy administration and maintenance costs, such as costs of premium billing and handling policy changes (for example, conversions and reinstatements). Such costs also include recurring commissions that are expected to be paid to intermediaries if a particular policyholder continues to pay the premiums within the boundary of the insurance contract.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0720" base="F55667325">transaction-based taxes (such as premium taxes, value added taxes and goods and services taxes) and levies (such as fire service levies and guarantee fund assessments) that arise directly from existing insurance contracts, or that can be attributed to them on a reasonable and consistent basis.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(j)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0721" base="F55667327">payments by the insurer in a fiduciary capacity to meet tax obligations incurred by the policyholder, and related receipts.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(k)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0722" base="F55667330">potential cash inflows from recoveries (such as salvage and subrogation) on future claims covered by existing insurance contracts and, to the extent that they do not qualify for recognition as separate assets, potential cash inflows from recoveries on past claims.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(ka)</li_value>           <p outputclass="keep_with_next">costs the entity will incur:</p>           <ol><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p>performing investment activity, to the extent the entity performs that activity to enhance benefits from insurance coverage for policyholders. Investment activities enhance benefits from insurance coverage if the entity performs those activities expecting to generate an investment return from which policyholders will benefit if an insured event occurs.</p>             </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p>providing investment-return service to policyholders of insurance contracts without direct participation features (see <xref href="IFRS17_B199B.dita">paragraph B119B</xref>).</p>             </li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value>               <p>providing investment-related service to policyholders of insurance contracts with direct participation features.</p>             </li></ol>         </li><li><li_value>(l)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0723" base="F55667332">an allocation of fixed and variable overheads (such as the costs of accounting, human resources, information technology and support, building depreciation, rent, and maintenance and utilities) directly attributable to fulfilling insurance contracts. Such overheads are allocated to groups of contracts using methods that are systematic and rational, and are consistently applied to all costs that have similar characteristics.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(m)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0724" base="F55667334">any other costs specifically chargeable to the policyholder under the terms of the contract.</p>         </li></ol>     </bodydiv></body></paragraph>