<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS17_B66" base="F55667335"><paranum>B66</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17"/><data name="paranum" value="B66"/></prolog><body><bodydiv base="IFRS2020-3">     <p id="IFRS17_P0725" outputclass="keep_with_next">The following cash flows shall not be included when estimating the cash flows that will arise as the entity fulfils an existing <xref base="F55666957" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0532">insurance contract<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0186"/></ph></xref>: </p>     <ol id="IFRS17_L0119" base="F55667337" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0726" base="F55667338">investment returns. Investments are recognised, measured and presented separately.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0727" base="F55667340">cash flows (payments or receipts) that arise under <xref base="F55667022" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0554">reinsurance contracts<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0323"/></ph></xref> held. Reinsurance contracts held are recognised, measured and presented separately.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0728" base="F55667343">cash flows that may arise from future insurance contracts, ie cash flows outside the boundary of existing contracts (see <xref id="IFRS17_X0615" base="F59236303" href="IFRS17_34.dita#IFRS17_34">paragraphs 34&#x2013;35</xref>).</p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0729" base="F55667345">cash flows relating to costs that cannot be directly attributed to the <xref base="F55667018" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0553">portfolio of insurance contracts<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0294"/></ph></xref> that contain the contract, such as some product development and training costs. Such costs are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0730" base="F55667347">cash flows that arise from abnormal amounts of wasted labour or other resources that are used to fulfil the contract. Such costs are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0731" base="F55667349">income tax payments and receipts the insurer does not pay or receive in a fiduciary capacity or that are not specifically chargeable to the policyholder under the terms of the contract.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0732" base="F55667351">cash flows between different components of the reporting entity, such as <xref base="F55667014" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0552">policyholder<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0291"/></ph></xref> funds and shareholder funds, if those cash flows do not change the amount that will be paid to the policyholders.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(h)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS17_P0733" base="F55667353">cash flows arising from components separated from the insurance contract and accounted for using other applicable Standards (see <xref id="IFRS17_X0617" base="F59236304" href="IFRS17_g10-13.dita#IFRS17_g10-13/IFRS17_g10-13_TI">paragraphs 10&#x2013;13</xref>).</p>       </li></ol></bodydiv></body></paragraph>