<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS17_B96" base="F55667498"><paranum>B96</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17"/><data name="paranum" value="B96"/></prolog><body><bodydiv base="IFRS2020-3">       <p id="IFRS17_P0831">For <xref base="F55666972" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0538">insurance contracts without direct participation features<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0188"/></ph></xref>, <xref id="IFRS17_X0671" base="F59236451" href="IFRS17_44.dita#IFRS17_44">paragraph 44(c)</xref> requires an adjustment to the <xref base="F55666917" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0519">contractual service margin<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0052"/></ph></xref> of a <xref base="F55666942" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0526">group of insurance contracts<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0159"/></ph></xref> for changes in <xref base="F55666938" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0525">fulfilment cash flows<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0143"/></ph></xref> that relate to future service. These changes comprise:</p>       <ol id="IFRS17_L0134" base="F55667500" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0832" base="F55667501"><xref base="F55666925" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0521">experience adjustments<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0113"/></ph></xref> arising from premiums received in the period that relate to future service, and related cash flows such as <xref base="F55666953" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0531">insurance acquisition cash flows<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0184"/></ph></xref> and premium-based taxes, measured at the discount rates specified in <xref id="IFRS17_X0672" base="F59236452" href="IFRS17_gB72-B85.dita#IFRS17_gB72-B85/IFRS17_gB72-B85_TI">paragraph B72(c)</xref>.                        </p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0833" base="F55667503">changes in estimates of the present value of the future cash flows in the <xref base="F55667010" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0551">liability for remaining coverage<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0228"/></ph></xref>, except those described in <xref id="IFRS17_X0674" base="F59236453" href="IFRS17_B97.dita#IFRS17_B97">paragraph B97(a)</xref>, measured at the discount rates specified in paragraph B72(c).                        </p>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0834" base="F55667505">differences between any <xref base="F55666984" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0542">investment component<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0204"/></ph></xref> expected to become payable in the period and the actual investment component that becomes payable in the period. Those differences are determined by comparing (i) the actual investment component that becomes payable in the period with (ii) the payment in the period that was expected at the start of the period plus any insurance finance income or expenses related to that expected payment before it becomes payable.                        </p>         </li><li><li_value>(ca)</li_value>           <p>differences between any loan to a policyholder expected to become repayable in the period and the actual loan to a policyholder that becomes repayable in the period. Those differences are determined by comparing (i) the actual loan to a policyholder that becomes repayable in the period with (ii) the repayment in the period that was expected at the start of the period plus any insurance finance income or expenses related to that expected repayment before it becomes repayable.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P0835" base="F55667507">changes in the <xref base="F55667026" href="IFRS17_APPA.dita#IFRS17_APPA/IFRS17_P0555">risk adjustment for non-financial risk<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0343"/></ph></xref> that relate to future service. An entity is not required to disaggregate the change in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk between (i) a change related to non-financial risk and (ii) the effect of the time value of money and changes in the time value of money. If an entity makes such a disaggregation, it shall adjust the contractual service margin for the change related to non-financial risk, measured at the discount rates specified in paragraph B72(c).                        </p>         </li></ol>            </bodydiv></body></paragraph>