<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS07_BC73" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC73</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 7" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC73" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant id="IFRS07_BC73_V2" base="F19782875" principles="no" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant "> <p id="IFRS07_P3400" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The main changes to the proposals in ED 7 are:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS07_L0187" base="SL19782876" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3401" base="SL19782878" class="- topic/p ">ED 7 proposed disclosure of the amount of change in the fair value of a financial liability designated as at fair value through profit or loss that is not attributable to changes in a benchmark interest rate as a proxy for the amount of change in fair value attributable to changes in the instrument’s credit risk. The IFRS permits entities to determine the amount of change in fair value attributable to changes in the instrument’s credit risk using an alternative method if the entity believes that its alternative method gives more faithful representation. The proxy disclosure has been amended to be the amount of change in fair value that is not attributable to changes in market conditions that give rise to market risk. As a result, entities may exclude factors other than a change in a benchmark interest rate when calculating the proxy.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3402" base="SL19782880" class="- topic/p ">a requirement has been added for disclosures about the difference between the transaction price at initial recognition (used as fair value in accordance with <xref href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_B5.4.8.dita#IFRS09_B5_4_8" id="IFRS07_X1713" base="F43926604" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B5.4.8<ph class="- topic/ph "><xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS07_FN0046" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></ph> of IFRS 9</xref>) and the results of a valuation technique that will be used for subsequent measurement.</p> </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3404" base="SL19782883" class="- topic/p ">no disclosure is required of the fair value of collateral pledged as security and other credit enhancements as was proposed in ED 7.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3405" base="SL19782885" class="- topic/p ">the sensitivity analysis requirements have been clarified.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3406" base="SL19782887" class="- topic/p ">the exemption from presenting comparatives has been widened.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3407" base="SL19782889" class="- topic/p ">the capital disclosures are a stand‑alone amendment to IAS 1, rather than part of the IFRS. No disclosure is required of whether the entity has complied with capital targets set by management and of the consequences of any non‑compliance with those targets.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3408" base="SL19782891" class="- topic/p ">the amendments to IFRS 4 related to IFRS 7 have been modified to reduce systems changes for insurers.</p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>