<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="SIC32_0008_V4"><title base="SL74899879" id="SIC32_0008_TI_V4" level="1">Effective date</title><body><p base="SL74899880" id="SIC32_P0072">This Interpretation becomes effective on 25 March 2002. The effects of adopting this Interpretation shall be accounted for using the transition requirements in the version of <xref base="F74899881" href="../IAS38.ditamap" id="SIC32_X0086">IAS 38</xref> that was issued in 1998. Therefore, when a web site does not meet the criteria for recognition as an intangible asset, but was previously recognised as an asset, the item shall be derecognised at the date when this Interpretation becomes effective. When a web site exists and the expenditure to develop it meets the criteria for recognition as an intangible asset, but was not previously recognised as an asset, the intangible asset shall not be recognised at the date when this Interpretation becomes effective. When a web site exists and the expenditure to develop it meets the criteria for recognition as an intangible asset, was previously recognised as an asset and initially measured at cost, the amount initially recognised is deemed to have been properly determined.</p><p base="F74899882" id="SIC32_P0073"><xref base="F74899883" href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" id="SIC32_X0087">IAS 1 (as revised in 2007)</xref> amended the terminology used throughout IFRSs. In addition it amended <xref base="F74899884" href="SIC32_5.dita#SIC32_5" id="SIC32_X0088">paragraph 5</xref>. An entity shall apply those amendments for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2009. If an entity applies <xref base="F74899885" href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" id="SIC32_X0089">IAS 1 (revised 2007)</xref> for an earlier period, the amendments shall be applied for that earlier period.</p><p base="F74899886" id="SIC32_P0074"><xref base="F74899887" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="SIC32_X0090"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 15</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2014, amended the ‘References’ section and paragraph 6. An entity shall apply that amendment when it applies IFRS 15.</p><p base="F74899889" id="SIC32_P0075"><xref base="F74899890" href="../ifrs16/IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" id="SIC32_X0091">IFRS 16</xref>, issued in January 2016, amended paragraph 6. An entity shall apply that amendment when it applies IFRS 16.</p><p base="F74899869" id="SIC32_P0076"><i>Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</i>, issued in 2018, amended paragraph 5. An entity shall apply that amendment for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020. Earlier application is permitted if at the same time an entity also applies all other amendments made by <i>Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</i>. An entity shall apply the amendment to SIC‑32 retrospectively in accordance with <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph>. However, if an entity determines that retrospective application would be impracticable or would involve undue cost or effort, it shall apply the amendment to SIC‑32 by reference to paragraphs 23–28, 50–53 and 54F of IAS 8.</p></body></topic>