<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="PS1_APP" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title base="F15644364" id="PS1_APP_TI" class="- topic/title ">Appendix Defined terms</title><body class="- topic/body "><note type="note" class="- topic/note ">       <p base="F15644365" id="PS1_P0110" class="- topic/p ">This appendix is an integral part of the Practice Statement.</p>     </note><dl id="PS1_APP_LI0001" class="- topic/dl "><dlentry id="PS1_forwardlookinginformation" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt ">forward‑looking information</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="F15644369" id="PS1_P0112" class="- topic/p ">Information about the future. It includes information about the future (for example, information about prospects and plans) that may later be presented as historical information (ie results). It is subjective and its preparation requires the exercise of professional judgement.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="PS1_managementcommentary" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt ">management commentary</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="F15644375" id="PS1_P0115" class="- topic/p ">A narrative report that relates to financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs. Management commentary provides users with historical explanations of the amounts presented in the financial statements, specifically the entity’s financial position, financial performance and cash flows. It also provides commentary on an entity’s prospects and other information not presented in the financial statements. Management commentary also serves as a basis for understanding management’s objectives and its strategies for achieving those objectives.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="PS1_progress" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt class="- topic/dt ">progress</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="F15644378" id="PS1_P0119" class="- topic/p ">Reflects how the entity has grown or changed in the current year, as well as how it expects to grow or change in the future.</p>                    </dd></dlentry></dl><p base="F15644379" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="PS1_P0121" class="- topic/p ">The following terms are used in the Practice Statement with the meanings specified in the <ph class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph></ph>:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F15644382" type="lower-alpha" id="PS1_L0007" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="F15644383" id="PS1_P0122" class="- topic/p "><ph class="- topic/ph ">comparability</ph>                               </p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="F15644386" id="PS1_P0123" class="- topic/p "><ph class="- topic/ph ">faithful representation</ph>                               </p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p base="F15644388" id="PS1_P0124" class="- topic/p "><ph class="- topic/ph ">materiality</ph>                               </p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>         <p base="F15644390" id="PS1_P0125" class="- topic/p "><ph class="- topic/ph ">relevance</ph>                               </p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>         <p base="F15644392" id="PS1_P0126" class="- topic/p "><ph class="- topic/ph ">timeliness</ph>                               </p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value>         <p base="F15644394" id="PS1_P0127" class="- topic/p "><ph class="- topic/ph ">understandability</ph>                               </p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value>         <p base="F15644407" id="PS1_P0128" class="- topic/p "><ph class="- topic/ph ">verifiability</ph>.</p>       </li></ol></body></topic>