<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph principles="yes" id="IAS16_6"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>6</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS&#xa0;16"/><data name="paranum" value="6"/></prolog><body outputclass="bold"><variant base="SL32824392" principles="yes" id="IAS16_6_V2">       <p id="IAS16_P0052">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings specified:&#xa0;</p>       <p base="SL32827615" principles="yes" id="IAS16_P0053">A&#xa0;<i>bearer plant</i>&#xa0;is a living plant that:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="SL32827617" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS16_L0005"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL32827619" principles="yes" id="IAS16_P0054">is used in the production or supply of agricultural produce;</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL32827621" principles="yes" id="IAS16_P0055">is expected to bear produce for more than one period; and</p>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p base="SL32827623" principles="yes" id="IAS16_P0056">has a remote likelihood of being sold as agricultural produce, except for incidental scrap sales.</p>         </li></ol>       <p base="SL32827624" principles="yes" id="IAS16_P0057">(<xref base="F35026047" href="../ias41/IAS41_5A.dita#IAS41_5A-5C/IAS41_5A_V2" id="IAS16_X0099">Paragraphs&#xa0;5A&#x2013;5B of IAS&#xa0;41</xref>&#xa0;elaborate on this definition of a bearer plant.)</p>              <p base="SL32824393" id="IAS16_P0060"><i>Carrying amount</i>&#xa0;is the amount at which an asset is recognised after deducting any accumulated&#xa0;depreciation&#xa0;and accumulated&#xa0;impairment losses.                </p>       <p base="SL32824400" id="IAS16_P0061"><i>Cost</i>                  is the amount of cash or cash equivalents paid or the&#xa0;fair value&#xa0;of the other consideration given to acquire an asset at the time of its acquisition or construction or, where applicable, the amount attributed to that asset when initially recognised in accordance with the specific requirements of other IFRSs, eg&#xa0;<xref base="F32824413" href="../ifrs02/IFRS02_TOC.dita#IFRS02_TOC0001" id="IAS16_X0103">IFRS&#xa0;2&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref">&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Share&#x2011;based Payment</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       <p base="SL32824415" principles="yes" id="IAS16_P0062"><i>Depreciable amount</i>                  is the&#xa0;cost&#xa0;of an asset, or other amount substituted for cost, less its&#xa0;residual value.</p>       <p base="SL32824421" id="IAS16_P0063"><i>Depreciation</i>                  is the systematic allocation of the&#xa0;depreciable amount&#xa0;of an asset over its&#xa0;useful life.</p>       <p base="SL32824429" id="IAS16_P0064"><i>Entity&#x2011;specific value</i>                  is the present value of the cash flows an entity expects to arise from the continuing use of an asset and from its disposal at the end of its&#xa0;useful life&#xa0;or expects to incur when settling a liability.</p>       <p base="SL32824439" id="IAS16_P0065"><i>Fair value</i>&#xa0;is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. (See IFRS&#xa0;13&#xa0;<i>Fair Value Measurement</i>.)</p>       <p base="SL32824443" id="IAS16_P0066">An&#xa0;<i>impairment loss</i>                  is the amount by which the&#xa0;carrying amount&#xa0;of an asset exceeds its&#xa0;recoverable amount.</p>       <p base="SL32824451" id="IAS16_P0067"><i>Property, plant and equipment</i>&#xa0;are tangible items that:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="SL32824454" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS16_L0006"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL32824456" id="IAS16_P0068">are held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, for rental to others, or for administrative purposes; and</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL32824459" id="IAS16_P0069">are expected to be used during more than one period.</p>         </li></ol>       <p base="SL32824461" id="IAS16_P0070"><i>Recoverable amount</i>&#xa0;is the higher of an asset&#x2019;s fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use.</p>              <p base="SL32824472" id="IAS16_P0073">The&#xa0;<i>residual value</i>                  of an asset is the estimated amount that an entity would currently obtain from disposal of the asset, after deducting the estimated costs of disposal, if the asset were already of the age and in the condition expected at the end of its&#xa0;useful life.</p>              <p base="SL32824481" id="IAS16_P0076"><i>Useful life</i>                  is:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="SL32824488" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS16_L0007"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL32824490" id="IAS16_P0077">the period over which an asset is expected to be available for use by an entity; or</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL32824493" id="IAS16_P0078">the number of production or similar units expected to be obtained from the asset by an entity.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>