<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS32_16C" base="F5588659"><paranum>16C</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 32"/><data name="paranum" value="16C"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS32_P0228">Some <xref base="SL37522960" href="IAS32_11.dita#IAS32_11/IAS32_P0110">financial instruments<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0126"/></ph></xref> include a contractual obligation for the issuing entity to deliver to another entity a pro rata share of its net assets only on liquidation. The obligation arises because liquidation either is certain to occur and outside the control of the entity (for example, a limited life entity) or is uncertain to occur but is at the option of the instrument holder. As an exception to the definition of a <xref base="SL37523036" href="IAS32_11.dita#IAS32_11/IAS32_P0131">financial liability<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0127"/></ph></xref>, an instrument that includes such an obligation is classified as an <xref base="SL37523115" href="IAS32_11.dita#IAS32_11/IAS32_P0148">equity instrument<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0102"/></ph></xref>  if it has all the following features: </p><ol id="IAS32_L0032" base="F5588661" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P0229" base="F5588662">It entitles the holder to a pro rata share of the entity&#x2019;s net assets in the event of the entity&#x2019;s liquidation. The entity&#x2019;s net assets are those assets that remain after deducting all other claims on its assets. A pro rata share is determined by:</p> <ol id="IAS32_L0033" base="F5588674" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P0230" base="F5588675">dividing the net assets of the entity on liquidation into units of equal amount; and</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P0231" base="F5588677">multiplying that amount by the number of the units held by the financial instrument holder.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p id="IAS32_P0232" base="F5588679" outputclass="keep_with_next">The instrument is in the           class of instruments that is subordinate to all other classes of instruments. To be in           such a class the instrument:</p>         <ol id="IAS32_L0034" base="F5588681" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p id="IAS32_P0233" base="F5588682">has no priority over other claims to the assets of               the entity on liquidation, and</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p id="IAS32_P0234" base="F5588684">does not need to be converted into another               instrument before it is in the class of instruments that is subordinate to all other               classes of instruments.</p>             </li></ol></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS32_P0236" base="F5588686">All financial instruments in the class of instruments that is subordinate to all other classes of instruments must have an identical contractual obligation for the issuing entity to deliver a pro rata share of its net assets on liquidation.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>