<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e21013" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IAS32_FN0017" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2390" class="- topic/p ">In this Standard, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0030" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2410" class="- topic/p ">In August 2005 the IASB relocated all disclosures relating to financial instruments to <xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" base="F16453216" id="IAS32_X1137" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 7 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0031" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2411" class="- topic/p ">In this guidance, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0032" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2412" class="- topic/p ">This is true of most, but not all derivatives, eg in some cross‑currency interest rate swaps principal is exchanged on inception (and re‑exchanged on maturity).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0035" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2415" class="- topic/p ">In these examples, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0036" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2416" class="- topic/p ">In these examples, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0037" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2417" class="- topic/p ">In this example, the entity has no obligation to deliver a share of its reserves to its members.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0038" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2418" class="- topic/p ">This amount represents the difference between the fair value amount allocated to the liability component and the repurchase price of CU1,700.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0039" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2419" class="- topic/p ">In August 2005, the IASB relocated all disclosures relating to financial instruments to <xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" base="F16453267" id="IAS32_X1139" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 7 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph></xref>. The paragraphs relating to disclosures that were originally published in this Basis for Conclusions were relocated, if still relevant, to the <xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_BC_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0005" base="F16453268" id="IAS32_X1140" class="- topic/xref ">Basis for Conclusions on IFRS 7</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0040" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2420" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0041" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2421" class="- topic/p ">IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> (as revised in 2007) requires an entity to present all income and expense items in one statement of comprehensive income or in two statements (a separate income statement and a statement of comprehensive income).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0042" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2422" class="- topic/p ">IAS 1 (revised 2007) replaced the term ‘balance sheet’ with ‘statement of financial position’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0043" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2423" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> are to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0044" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2424" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was revised and amended.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0045" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2425" class="- topic/p ">IAS 1 (as revised in 2007) replaced the term ‘balance sheet’ with ‘statement of financial position’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0046" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2426" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. The requirements of paragraph 43 of IAS 39 relating to the initial measurement of financial assets were relocated to paragraph 5.1.1 of IFRS 9.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0047" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2427" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0048" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2428" class="- topic/p ">now paragraph 4.22 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0049" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2429" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015–2017 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in December 2017, deleted paragraph 52B of IAS 12. The requirements previously specified in that paragraph were moved to paragraph 57A of IAS 12.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0050" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2430" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015–2017 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in December 2017, deleted paragraph 52B of IAS 12. The requirements previously specified in that paragraph were moved to paragraph 57A of IAS 12.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0051" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2431" class="- topic/p ">In January 2008 the IASB issued an amended IAS 27 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph>, which amended 'minority interest' to 'non‑controlling interests'. The consolidation requirements in IAS 27 were superseded by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F16164921" id="IAS32_X1141" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. The term ‘non‑controlling interests’ and the requirements for non‑controlling interests were not changed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0052" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2432" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0053" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2433" class="- topic/p ">In the completed version of IFRS 9, issued in July 2014, the Board specified that entities must adopt the completed version of IFRS 9 for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0054" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2434" class="- topic/p ">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> is to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework </ph></ph>with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0055" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2435" class="- topic/p ">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> is to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework </ph></ph>with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0056" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2436" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0057" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2437" class="- topic/p ">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> is to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was revised.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0058" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2438" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0059" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2439" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework </ph></ph>are to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework </ph></ph>with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS32_FN0060" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS32_P2440" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> in this Dissent are to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was amended.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>