<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IAS38_0005"><title id="IAS38_0005_TI" base="SL142082" level="1" outputclass="no_rule">Example 4&#x2002;An acquired broadcasting licence that expires in five years</title><body><p id="IAS38_P0405" base="SL142083">The broadcasting licence is renewable every 10 years if the entity provides at least an average level of service to its customers and complies with the relevant legislative requirements. The licence may be renewed indefinitely at little cost and has been renewed twice before the most recent acquisition. The acquiring entity intends to renew the licence indefinitely and evidence supports its ability to do so. Historically, there has been no compelling challenge to the licence renewal. The technology used in broadcasting is not expected to be replaced by another technology at any time in the foreseeable future. Therefore, the licence is expected to contribute to the entity&#x2019;s net cash inflows indefinitely.</p><p id="IAS38_P0406" base="SL142084">The broadcasting licence would be treated as having an indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to the entity&#x2019;s net cash inflows indefinitely. Therefore, the licence would not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite.              The licence would be tested for impairment in accordance with IAS&#xa0;36 annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.            </p></body></topic>