<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS12_BC64" base="F65374335" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC64</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 12" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC64" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS12_P2544" class="- topic/p ">The Board observed that:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F65374337" id="IAS12_L0058" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="F65374338" id="IAS12_P2545" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IAS12_57A.dita#IAS12_57A/IAS12_57A_V1" base="F74058485" id="IAS12_X0663" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 57A</xref> describes how an entity accounts for income tax consequences of dividends paid. Dividends are defined in <xref href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001/IFRS09_TOC0001_V2" base="F74058486" id="IAS12_X0664" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 9</xref> as ‘distributions of profits to holders of equity instruments in proportion to their holdings of a particular class of capital’.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="F65375491" id="IAS12_P2546" class="- topic/p ">paragraph 57A first requires an entity to link the income tax consequences of dividends to past transactions or events that generated distributable profits. An entity then applies the requirements in <xref href="IAS12_g58-60.dita#IAS12_g58_60/IAS12_g58_60_TI" base="F74058487" id="IAS12_X0665" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 58</xref> to determine where to recognise those income tax consequences. Applying paragraph 57A, the entity recognises the income tax consequences of dividends according to where it has recognised the past transactions or events that generated distributable profits.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p base="F65375493" id="IAS12_P2547" class="- topic/p ">the reason for the income tax consequences of dividends should not affect where those income tax consequences are recognised. It does not matter whether such consequences arise, for example, because of different tax rates for distributed and undistributed profits or because of the deductibility of dividends for tax purposes. This is because, in both cases, the income tax consequences arise from the distribution of profits.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p base="F65375495" id="IAS12_P2548" class="- topic/p ">linking the recognition of the income tax consequences of dividends to how the tax consequences arise (for example, because of different tax rates, rather than because of different tax-deductibility rules) would lead to arbitrary results and a lack of comparability across entities in different tax jurisdictions. Tax jurisdictions choose different methods of imposing tax or providing tax relief. What matters is the resulting tax effect, not the mechanism.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>