<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="IAS16_PRE"><title><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number"/><linebreak/><linebreak/><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title"/></ph></title><body><p base="F17966604" id="IAS16_P0001">In April 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board (Board) adopted IAS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph>, which had originally been issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee in December 1993. IAS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph> replaced IAS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph> (issued in March 1982). IAS 16 that was issued in March 1982 also replaced some parts in IAS 4 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Depreciation Accounting</ph></ph> that was approved in November 1975.</p><p base="F17966609" id="IAS16_P0002">In December 2003 the Board issued a revised IAS 16 as part of its initial agenda of technical projects. The revised Standard also replaced the guidance in three Interpretations (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;6</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Costs of Modifying Existing Software</ph></ph>, <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;14</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment&#x2014;Compensation for the Impairment or Loss of Items</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;23</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment&#x2014;Major Inspection or Overhaul Costs</ph></ph>).</p><bodydiv id="IAS16_P0003">       <p base="F34261673" id="IAS16_P0003_V1">In May 2014 the Board amended IAS 16 to prohibit the use of a revenue&#x2011;based depreciation method.</p>     </bodydiv><bodydiv id="IAS16_P0004">       <p base="F34261674" id="IAS16_P0004_V1">In June 2014 the Board amended the scope of IAS 16 to include bearer plants related to agricultural activity.</p>     </bodydiv><bodydiv id="IAS16_P0005">       <p base="F59119933" id="IAS16_P0005_V1">In May 2017, when IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph> was issued, it amended the subsequent measurement requirements in IAS 16 by permitting entities to elect to measure owner-occupied properties in specific circumstances as if they were investment properties measured at fair value through profit or loss applying IAS 40 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment Property</ph></ph>.</p>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="IAS2020-2">     <p>In May 2020, the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use</ph></ph> (Amendments to IAS 16) which prohibit a company from deducting from the cost of property, plant and equipment amounts received from selling items produced while the company is preparing the asset for its intended use. Instead, a company will recognise such sales proceeds and related cost in profit or loss.</p></bodydiv><bodydiv id="IAS16_P0006">                            <p base="F75097777" id="IAS16_P0006_V4">Other Standards have made minor consequential amendments to IAS 16. They include IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph> (issued May 2011), <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2009&#x2013;2011 Cycle</ph></ph> (issued May 2012), <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2010&#x2013;2012 Cycle</ph></ph> (issued December 2013), IFRS 15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph> (issued May 2014), IFRS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Leases</ph></ph> (issued January 2016) and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</ph></ph> (issued March 2018).</p>     </bodydiv></body></topic>