<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_BC22" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC22</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC22" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant base="F75035424" id="IFRS16_BC22_V2" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant ">       <p id="IFRS16_P1871" class="- topic/p ">The IASB’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph> (<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>)<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS16_FN0002" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> defines an asset as ‘a resource controlled by the entity as a result of past events and from which future economic benefits are expected to flow to the entity’. The IASB concluded that a lessee’s right to use an underlying asset meets the definition of an asset for the following reasons:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="F75035428" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0111" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p base="F75035430" id="IFRS16_P1872" class="- topic/p ">the lessee controls the right to use the underlying asset throughout the lease term. Once the asset is made available for use by the lessee, the lessor is unable to retrieve or otherwise use the underlying asset for its own purposes during the lease term, despite being the legal owner of the underlying asset.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p base="F75035432" id="IFRS16_P1873" class="- topic/p ">the lessee has the ability to determine how to use the underlying asset and, thus, how it generates future economic benefits from that right of use. This ability demonstrates the lessee’s control of the right of use. For example, suppose a lessee leases a truck for four years, for up to a maximum of 160,000 miles over the lease term. Embedded in the right to use the truck is a particular volume of economic benefits or service potential that is used up over the period that the truck is driven by the lessee. After the truck is made available for use by the lessee, the lessee can decide how it wishes to use up or consume the economic benefits embedded in its right of use within the parameters defined in the contract. The lessee could decide to drive the truck constantly during the first three years of the lease, consuming all of the economic benefits in those first three years. Alternatively, it could use the truck only during particular months in each year or decide to use it evenly over the four-year lease term.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p base="F75035434" id="IFRS16_P1874" class="- topic/p ">the right to control and use the asset exists even when a lessee’s right to use an asset includes some restrictions on its use. Although restrictions may affect the value and scope of a lessee’s right to use an asset (and thus the payments made for the right of use), they do not affect the existence of the right-of-use asset. It is not unusual for restrictions to be placed on the use of owned assets as well as leased assets. For example, assets acquired from a competitor may be subject to restrictions on where they can be used, how they can be used or to whom they can be sold; assets that are used as security for particular borrowings may have restrictions placed on their use by the lender; or a government may place restrictions on the use or transfer of assets in a particular region for environmental or security reasons. Those restrictions do not necessarily result in the owner of such assets failing to control those assets—the restrictions may simply affect the economic benefits that will flow to the entity from the asset and that will be reflected in the price that the entity is willing to pay for the asset. Similarly, such restrictions do not prevent a lessee from controlling a right-of-use asset.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>           <p base="F75035436" id="IFRS16_P1875" class="- topic/p ">the lessee’s control of the right of use arises from past events—not only the commitment to the lease contract but also the underlying asset being made available for use by the lessee for the duration of the non-cancellable period of the lease. Some have noted that the lessee’s right to use an asset is conditional on the lessee making payments during the lease term, ie that the lessee may forfeit its right to use the asset if it does not make payments. However, unless the lessee breaches the contract, the lessee has an unconditional right to use the underlying asset. Its position is similar to that of an entity that had made an instalment purchase and has not yet made the instalment payments.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>