<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_BC9" base="F45930549" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC9</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC9" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P1822" class="- topic/p ">The Boards received 786 comment letters in response to the 2010 Exposure Draft. The Boards also conducted extensive outreach on the proposals in the 2010 Exposure Draft. Round table discussions were held in Hong Kong, the United Kingdom and the United States. Workshops were organised in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Japan, South Korea, the UK and the US. Members of the Boards also participated in conferences, working group meetings, discussion forums, and one-to-one discussions that were held across all major geographical regions. In 2011 and 2012, while redeliberating the proposals in the 2010 Exposure Draft, the Boards conducted additional targeted outreach with more than 100 organisations. The purpose of the targeted outreach was to obtain additional feedback to assist the Boards in developing particular aspects of the revised proposals. The targeted outreach meetings involved international working group members, representatives from accounting firms, local standard-setters, users and preparers of financial statements, particularly those from industries most affected by the lease accounting proposals.</p></body></paragraph>