<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_BC51" base="F45930775" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC51</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC51" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P1915" class="- topic/p ">Consequently, the IASB concluded that:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS16_L0115" base="F45930777" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1916" base="F45930778" class="- topic/p ">a lessee model that separately presents depreciation and interest for all leases recognised in the balance sheet provides information that is useful to the broadest range of users of financial statements. The IASB reached this conclusion for three main reasons:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS16_L0116" base="F45930784" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1917" base="F45930785" class="- topic/p ">most users of financial statements consulted think that leases create assets and ‘debt-like’ liabilities for a lessee. Consequently, they benefit from lessees recognising interest on those liabilities in a similar way to interest on other financial liabilities, because that enables them to perform meaningful ratio analyses. The same is true regarding the recognition of depreciation of right-of-use assets in a similar way to depreciation of other non-financial assets such as property, plant and equipment. The model is particularly beneficial for those users that rely on reported information without making adjustments.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1918" base="F45930787" class="- topic/p ">the model is easy to understand—a lessee recognises assets and financial liabilities, and corresponding amounts of depreciation and interest.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1919" base="F45930789" class="- topic/p ">the model addresses the concern of some users of financial statements that a dual model would perpetuate the risk of structuring to create a particular accounting outcome.</p></li></ol></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1920" base="F45930780" class="- topic/p ">accounting for all leases recognised in the balance sheet in the same way appropriately reflects the fact that all leases result in a lessee obtaining the right to use an asset, regardless of the nature or remaining life of the underlying asset.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1921" base="F45930782" class="- topic/p ">a single model reduces cost and complexity by removing the need to classify leases and the need for systems that can deal with two lessee accounting approaches.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>