<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_BC205D" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC205D</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC205D" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv base="IFRS2021-1" class="- topic/bodydiv "> <p class="- topic/p ">The Board considered the risk of the practical expedient being applied too broadly, which       could result in unintended consequences. The Board therefore limited the scope of the       practical expedient so that it applies only to rent concessions that occur as a direct       consequence of the covid-19 pandemic and:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">result in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the same as, or             less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change. The Board             was of the view that a rent concession that increases total payments for the lease             should not be considered a direct consequence of the covid-19 pandemic, except to the             extent the increase reflects only the time value of money.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">reduce only lease payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022.<xref type="fn" keyref="footnotes/IFRS16_BC205D_FN0003" class="- topic/xref "/> The Board noted that a related increase in             lease payments that extends beyond 30 June 2022 would not prevent a rent concession from             meeting this condition. In contrast, if reductions in lease payments extend beyond 30             June 2022, the rent concession in its entirety would not be within the scope of the             practical expedient. In developing this condition, the Board observed that the economic             effects of the covid-19 pandemic could continue for some time. If the practical             expedient were not limited to a particular time frame, a lessee could conclude that many             future changes in lease payments would be a consequence of the covid-19 pandemic.             Limiting the practical expedient to rent concessions that reduce only lease payments             originally due on or before 30 June 2022 provides relief to lessees when they are             expected to need it most, while being responsive to concerns from users of financial             statements about comparability if lessees were to apply the practical expedient beyond             when it is needed. The Board also expected the condition in <xref href="IFRS16_46B.dita" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 46B(b)</xref> to be easy to apply, and to help lessees in identifying rent             concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the covid-19 pandemic.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">introduce no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease, considering             both qualitative and quantitative factors. Consequently, if a modification to a lease             incorporates other substantive changes—beyond a rent concession occurring as a direct             consequence of the covid-19 pandemic—the modification in its entirety does not qualify             for the practical expedient. The Board noted that, for example, a three-month rent             holiday before 30 June 2022 followed by three             additional months of substantially equivalent payments at the end of the lease would not             constitute a substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.</p>         </li></ol></bodydiv></body></paragraph>