<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_BC135" base="F45931274" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC135</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC135" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P2043" class="- topic/p ">The objective of the Leases project is to change the accounting for leases—not the accounting for services. The IASB, therefore, took the view that <xref href="IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" base="F47962548" id="IFRS16_X0917" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 16</xref> should apply only to the lease components of any contract. The accounting for services (or the service components of a contract) should not be affected, regardless of whether the contract is only for services or includes the purchase, or lease, of an asset as well as services. Accordingly, IFRS 16 requires:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F45931276" id="IFRS16_L0130" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="F45931277" id="IFRS16_P2044" class="- topic/p ">a lessor to separate lease components and non-lease components of a contract.  On the basis of feedback received from lessors, the IASB concluded that a lessor should be able to separate payments made for lease and non-lease components. This is because the lessor would need to have information about the value of each component, or a reasonable estimate of it, when pricing the contract.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="F45931280" id="IFRS16_P2045" class="- topic/p ">a lessee to separate lease components and non-lease components of a contract, unless it applies a practical expedient whereby it is not required to separate a lease component from any associated non-lease components and can instead elect to treat these as a single lease component. The IASB decided to permit this practical expedient for cost benefit reasons and in response to requests from preparers not to require separation in all scenarios. In the IASB’s view, the practical expedient will reduce cost and complexity for some lessees, while not creating significant issues of comparability. This is because, in general, a lessee is not expected to adopt the practical expedient for contracts with significant service components because that would significantly increase the lessee’s lease liabilities for those contracts. The IASB expects that lessees are likely to adopt this practical expedient only when the non-lease components of a contract are relatively small. </p></li></ol></body></paragraph>