<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_BC45" base="F45930747" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC45</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC45" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P1900" class="- topic/p ">The 2010 Exposure Draft proposed a single lessee expense recognition model that was based on the premise that all leases provide finance to the lessee. The IASB received a significant amount of feedback in response to the 2010 Exposure Draft with stakeholders expressing differing views. In the light of this feedback, the IASB decided to expose for comment an alternative lessee expense recognition model—a dual model—that was responsive to those stakeholders who thought that a dual model would provide more useful information than a single model. Applying the dual model proposed in the 2013 Exposure Draft, leases would have been classified based upon the extent to which the lessee was expected to consume the economic benefits embedded in the underlying asset. Although some stakeholders supported that model, the feedback received in response to the proposals reiterated the mixed views that had been received throughout the project regarding lessee accounting. In particular:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS16_L0113" base="F45930749" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1901" base="F45930750" class="- topic/p ">some stakeholders, including most users of financial statements, were of the view that all leases provide finance to lessees and, thus, create assets and ‘debt-like’ liabilities. Consequently, they supported a single lessee expense recognition model according to which a lessee would recognise interest on those debt-like liabilities separately from depreciation of lease assets for all leases.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1902" base="F45930752" class="- topic/p ">some were of the view that a lessee receives equal benefits from use of the underlying asset in each period and pays equal amounts for that benefit. Consequently, they supported a single lessee expense recognition model in which a lessee would allocate the total cost of the lease to each period on a straight-line basis to reflect the pattern in which the lessee consumes benefits from use of the underlying asset. These stakeholders also noted that a decision to lease assets rather than purchase them is sometimes made in order to obtain operational flexibility (rather than to obtain finance). Consequently, they were of the view that a single straight-line lease expense would be a more faithful representation of the transaction in the income statement.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1903" base="F45930754" class="- topic/p ">some supported a single lessee expense recognition model because they had concerns about the cost and complexity of a dual expense recognition model. They noted the administrative benefits of removing the need for a lease classification test and having only one method of accounting for all leases. They also questioned whether more than one expense recognition pattern would provide useful information to users of financial statements.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1904" base="F45930756" class="- topic/p ">some supported a single lessee expense recognition model for conceptual reasons. They thought that, if all leases are recognised on a lessee’s balance sheet, any attempt to differentiate between those leases in the income statement would be arbitrary and result in inconsistencies with the accounting for a non-financial asset and a financial liability in the balance sheet. Many also criticised the accounting that would result from a dual model that required the recognition of assets and liabilities together with a single, straight-line lease expense (as was proposed for some leases in the 2013 Exposure Draft). This is because, under that model, the right-of-use asset would have been measured as a balancing figure.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1905" base="F45930758" class="- topic/p ">some stakeholders noted that any dual model perpetuates the risk of structuring to gain a particular accounting outcome.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1906" base="F45930761" class="- topic/p ">some stakeholders thought that there are real economic differences between different leases, particularly between property leases and leases of assets other than property. These stakeholders recommended a dual lessee expense recognition model in which a lessee would recognise a single, straight-line lease expense for most property leases. They recommended such a model because they view property lease expenses as an important part of operating expenses, particularly for entities such as retailers, hoteliers and restaurateurs.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1907" base="F45930763" class="- topic/p ">some stakeholders recommended retaining a dual model that classified leases using the classification principle in IAS 17. They thought that recognition of a single, straight-line lease expense for all leases previously classified as operating leases would appropriately reflect the benefit that the lessee receives evenly over the lease term. This accounting would also align the lease expense more closely with lease payments, which some stakeholders viewed as preferable.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>