<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_BC203" base="F45931704" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC203</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC203" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P2157" class="- topic/p ">For those lease modifications that do not result in a separate lease, the IASB decided that a lessee should remeasure the existing lease liability using a discount rate determined at the effective date of the modification.  The IASB decided that:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS16_L0148" base="F45931706" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P2158" base="F45931707" class="- topic/p ">for lease modifications that decrease the scope of a lease, a lessee should decrease the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset to reflect the partial or full termination of the lease and recognise a corresponding gain or loss. In the IASB’s view, this gain or loss appropriately reflects the economic effect of the partial or full termination of the existing lease resulting from the decrease in scope.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P2159" base="F45931709" class="- topic/p ">for all other lease modifications, a lessee should make a corresponding adjustment to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset. In these cases, the original lease is not terminated because there is no decrease in scope. The lessee continues to have the right to use the underlying asset identified in the original lease. For lease modifications that increase the scope of a lease, the adjustment to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset effectively represents the cost of the additional right of use acquired as a result of the modification. For lease modifications that change the consideration paid for a lease, the adjustment to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset effectively represents a change in the cost of the right-of-use asset as a result of the modification. The use of a revised discount rate in remeasuring the lease liability reflects that, in modifying the lease, there is a change in the interest rate implicit in the lease (which the discount rate is intended to approximate).</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>