<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_BC287" base="F45931962" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC287</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC287" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P2283" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">To further ease the costs on transition, the IASB             also decided to allow a lessee to elect to use one or more of the following practical             expedients.</p><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL45932172" frame="all" id="IFRS16_TAB0027" orient="port" pgwide="0" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="1" colwidth="30*" rowsep="1" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="left" colname="C2" colnum="2" colsep="1" colwidth="70*" rowsep="1" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> Practical expedient</entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry "> Rationale</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" nameend="C2" namest="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS16_P2286" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Portfolio approach</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="F45931969" id="IFRS16_P2287" class="- topic/p ">A lessee may apply a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.</p></entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="F45931970" id="IFRS16_P2288" class="- topic/p ">The IASB expects that permitting a lessee to apply a single discount rate to a portfolio of similar leases on transition will provide cost savings to lessees and will not have a significant effect on reported information. For leases for which the right-of-use asset is measured at an amount equal to the lease liability (adjusted by the amount of any previously recognised prepaid or accrued lease payments) on the date of initial application (see <xref href="IFRS16_BC285.dita#IFRS16_BC285" base="F47963430" id="IFRS16_X1157" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph BC285</xref>), this practical expedient will enable a lessee to apply the transition requirements collectively to portfolios of leases of similar assets in similar economic environments with the same end date.</p></entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" nameend="C2" namest="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS16_P2289" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Previously recognised onerous lease provisions</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="F45931972" id="IFRS16_P2290" class="- topic/p ">A lessee may rely on its assessment of whether leases are onerous applying <xref href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" base="F47963431" id="IFRS16_X1158" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 37</xref> immediately before the date of initial application and adjust the right-of-use asset at the date of initial application by the amount of any provision for onerous leases recognised immediately before the date of initial application. This approach is an alternative to performing an impairment review.</p></entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="F45931973" id="IFRS16_P2291" class="- topic/p ">It could be costly for a lessee to perform an impairment review of each of its right-of-use assets on transition to <xref href="IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" base="F47963432" id="IFRS16_X1159" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 16</xref>. In addition, any onerous operating lease liability identified applying IAS 37 is likely to reflect impairment of the right-of-use asset. Accordingly, the IASB concluded that this practical expedient will provide a cost saving to lessees on initial application of IFRS 16 without any significant effect on reported information.</p></entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" nameend="C2" namest="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS16_P2292" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Leases for which the lease term ends within 12 months</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="F45931975" id="IFRS16_P2293" class="- topic/p ">A lessee may elect not to apply the requirements of IFRS 16 to leases for which the term ends within 12 months of the date of initial application.</p></entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="F45931976" id="IFRS16_P2294" class="- topic/p ">For a lessee that does not restate its comparative information, leases for which the term ends within 12 months of the date of initial application are very similar in effect to those captured by the short-term lease exemption and thus similar considerations apply (see <xref href="IFRS16_gBC87-BC97.dita#IFRS16_gBC87_BC97/IFRS16_gBC87_BC97_TI" base="F47963433" id="IFRS16_X1160" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC87–BC97</xref>). In addition, feedback from lessees indicated that this practical expedient will provide a significant cost saving on initial application of IFRS 16.</p></entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" nameend="C2" namest="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS16_P2295" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Initial direct costs</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="F45931978" id="IFRS16_P2296" class="- topic/p ">A lessee may exclude initial direct costs from the measurement of the right-of-use asset at the date of initial application.</p></entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="F45931979" id="IFRS16_P2297" class="- topic/p ">The IASB expects that including initial direct costs in the measurement of right-of-use assets would not have a significant effect on reported information. Consequently, the IASB decided that the cost for lessees of requiring initial direct costs to be identified and included in the measurement of right-of-use assets would outweigh the benefits in terms of reported information.</p></entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" nameend="C2" namest="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS16_P2298" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Use of hindsight</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="F45931981" id="IFRS16_P2299" class="- topic/p ">A lessee may use hindsight in applying IFRS 16, for example, in determining the lease term if the contract contains options to extend or terminate the lease.</p></entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p base="F45931982" id="IFRS16_P2300" class="- topic/p ">Permitting lessees to apply hindsight on transition to IFRS 16 will result in useful information, particularly with respect to areas of judgement such as the determination of lease term for contracts that contain options to extend or terminate a lease. Feedback from stakeholders also indicated that permitting the use of hindsight will make initial application of IFRS 16 somewhat simpler for lessees.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>