<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_BC156" base="F45931520" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC156</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC156" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P2084" class="- topic/p ">In the IASB’s view, the lease term should reflect an entity’s reasonable expectation of the period during which the underlying asset will be used because that approach provides the most useful information. Over the course of the Leases project, the IASB considered a number of ways of determining that reasonable expectation of what the term will be. These included:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS16_L0137" base="F45931522" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P2085" base="F45931524" class="- topic/p ">requiring an entity to determine the lease term as the longest possible term that is more likely than not to occur. Many stakeholders disagreed with this approach because, in their view, it would have been complex to apply to thousands of leases (which some entities have), and it would include payments in optional periods, which many stakeholders did not view as liabilities.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P2086" base="F45931525" class="- topic/p ">requiring an entity to include in the lease term optional periods for which the lessee has a significant economic incentive to exercise an option. Under this approach, an expectation of exercise alone (and without any economic incentive to do so) would not be sufficient. The IASB noted that requiring an economic incentive provides a threshold that is more objective than a threshold based solely on management’s estimates or intention, and consequently would help to address concerns that other approaches would be complex to apply. However, stakeholders were concerned about the costs of implementing any new concept regarding the lease term, particularly for entities with decentralised leasing operations and large volumes of leases with diverse individual lease term clauses. These stakeholders also asked whether a significant economic incentive threshold was similar to the ‘reasonably certain’ threshold that existed in IAS 17. They suggested that, if the IASB viewed the ‘significant economic incentive’ threshold as similar to the ‘reasonably certain’ threshold in IAS 17, the IASB should retain the terminology in IAS 17. They argued that the IAS 17 terminology was well understood, which would help to achieve consistent application between entities.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>