<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_BC3" base="F45930515" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC3</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC3" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P1807" class="- topic/p ">The previous accounting model for leases required lessees and lessors to classify their leases as either finance leases or operating leases and to account for those two types of leases differently. It did not require lessees to recognise assets and liabilities arising from operating leases, but it did require lessees to recognise assets and liabilities arising from finance leases. The IASB, together with the US national standard-setter, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) (together ‘the Boards’), initiated a joint project to improve the financial reporting of leasing activities under IFRS and US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (US GAAP) in the light of criticisms that the previous accounting model for leases failed to meet the needs of users of financial statements. In particular:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS16_L0098" base="F45930517" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1808" base="F45930518" class="- topic/p ">information reported about operating leases lacked transparency and did not meet the needs of users of financial statements. Many users adjusted a lessee’s financial statements to capitalise operating leases because, in their view, the financing and assets provided by leases should be reflected on the statement of financial position (‘balance sheet’). Some tried to estimate the present value of future lease payments. However, because of the limited information that was available, many used techniques such as multiplying the annual lease expense by eight to estimate, for example, total leverage and the capital employed in operations. Other users were unable to make adjustments—they relied on data sources such as data aggregators when screening potential investments or making investment decisions. These different approaches created information asymmetry in the market.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1809" base="F45930520" class="- topic/p ">the existence of two different accounting models for leases, in which assets and liabilities associated with leases were not recognised for operating leases but were recognised for finance leases, meant that transactions that were economically similar could be accounted for very differently. The differences reduced comparability for users of financial statements and provided opportunities to structure transactions to achieve a particular accounting outcome.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1810" base="F45930522" class="- topic/p ">the previous requirements for lessors did not provide adequate information about a lessor’s exposure to credit risk (arising from a lease) and exposure to asset risk (arising from the lessor’s retained interest in the underlying asset), particularly for leases of equipment and vehicles that were classified as operating leases.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>