<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_BC217" base="F45931769" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC217</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC217" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P2191" class="- topic/p ">The IASB decided that there are particular items of information that, if material, should be disclosed by lessees to meet the information needs of users of financial statements. The IASB noted the importance of comparable information being provided by different lessees and that comparability could be achieved by including some specific disclosure requirements in <xref href="IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" base="F47962930" id="IFRS16_X1029" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 16</xref>. These disclosure requirements relate to the information that users of financial statements have identified as being most useful to their analyses and, consequently, that they would like to have for all lease portfolios that are material to an entity. Consequently, IFRS 16 requires a lessee to disclose:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F45931772" id="IFRS16_L0152" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="F45931773" id="IFRS16_P2192" class="- topic/p ">the carrying amount of right-of-use assets, and depreciation charge for those assets, split by class of underlying asset.  This information is useful in understanding the nature of a lessee’s leasing activities and in comparing entities that lease their assets with those that purchase them.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="F45931775" id="IFRS16_P2193" class="- topic/p ">interest expense on lease liabilities.  Together with the disclosure of the carrying amount of lease liabilities separately from other liabilities (see <xref href="IFRS16_BC208.dita#IFRS16_BC208" base="F47962931" id="IFRS16_X1032" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph BC208</xref>),  this disclosure provides information about a lessee’s lease obligations and finance costs.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p base="F45931777" id="IFRS16_P2194" class="- topic/p ">the expenses related to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets accounted for applying <xref href="IFRS16_6.dita#IFRS16_6" base="F47964072" id="IFRS16_X1034" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 6 of IFRS 16</xref>, and the expense related to variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities.  These disclosures provide information about lease payments for which assets and liabilities are not recognised in the balance sheet.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p base="F45931779" id="IFRS16_P2195" class="- topic/p ">total cash outflow for leases.  This disclosure was identified by users of financial statements as providing the most useful information about lease cash flows and is expected to help in forecasting future lease payments.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p base="F45931781" id="IFRS16_P2196" class="- topic/p ">additions to right-of-use assets.  This disclosure provides comparable information about capital expenditure on leased and owned assets.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value> <p base="F45931783" id="IFRS16_P2197" class="- topic/p ">gains and losses arising from sale and leaseback transactions.  This disclosure helps to better understand the unique characteristics of sale and leaseback transactions and the effect that such transactions have on a lessee’s financial performance.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value> <p base="F45931785" id="IFRS16_P2198" class="- topic/p ">income from subleasing right-of-use assets.  This disclosure is useful because, along with the information about expenses related to leases discussed above, it provides a complete depiction of the overall income statement effect of an entity’s leasing activities.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>