<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_BC213" base="F45931743" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC213</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC213" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P2180" class="- topic/p ">The IASB received significant feedback regarding lessee disclosures. In particular:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F45931745" id="IFRS16_L0150" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="F45931746" id="IFRS16_P2181" class="- topic/p ">many lessees had significant concerns about the costs of complying with the disclosures proposed in the 2010 and 2013 Exposure Drafts. This was a particular concern for lessees with a high volume of leases with unique terms and conditions. These lessees suggested that there should be no need to expand the disclosure requirements beyond those in IAS 17 if the lessee accounting model in <xref href="IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" base="F47962881" id="IFRS16_X1017" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 16</xref> provides the information that investors need. These lessees also argued that the proposed lessee disclosure requirements did not seem to be consistent with the IASB’s efforts to address ‘disclosure overload’ in other projects (ie increases in the volume of disclosures and a perceived reduction in the quality and usefulness of those disclosures).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="F45931748" id="IFRS16_P2182" class="- topic/p ">in contrast, many users of financial statements thought that the detailed disclosure requirements proposed in the 2010 and 2013 Exposure Drafts would provide useful information. Over the course of the project, the IASB held meetings with investors and analysts to discuss how particular disclosures would be used in their analysis and which disclosures would be the most useful.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p base="F45931750" id="IFRS16_P2183" class="- topic/p ">both preparers and users of financial statements had concerns that lengthy detailed disclosure requirements could lead to the use of ‘boilerplate’ statements rather than the provision of useful information. These stakeholders were particularly concerned about the risk of material information being ‘lost’ within lengthy and complex financial statement notes. Similarly, many stakeholders suggested that IFRS 16 should explicitly state that entities should apply materiality in determining the extent to which disclosures are required.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p base="F45931752" id="IFRS16_P2184" class="- topic/p ">some users of financial statements noted that the most useful information would be different for different lease portfolios. These users noted that, for leases with complex terms and conditions (which, for some entities, are the leases in which users are most interested), compliance with standardised disclosure requirements often does not meet their information needs.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>