<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_BC10" base="F45930572" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC10</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC10" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P1823" class="- topic/p ">Responses to the 2010 Exposure Draft indicated that:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS16_L0102" base="F45930551" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1824" base="F45930552" class="- topic/p ">there was general support for lessees recognising assets and liabilities arising from a lease. That support was consistent with comments received on the Discussion Paper.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1825" base="F45930554" class="- topic/p ">there were mixed views on the effects of the proposed right-of-use model on a lessee’s profit or loss. The effect was that a lessee would recognise two separate expenses in its statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income (‘income statement’)—depreciation of the right-of-use asset and interest on the lease liability. Some respondents supported the identification of two separate expenses, on the grounds that leases are a source of finance for a lessee and should be accounted for accordingly. However, others did not support these effects because they thought that they would not properly reflect the economics of all lease transactions. In particular, some respondents referred to shorter-term property leases as examples of leases that, in their view, were not financing transactions from either the lessee’s or lessor’s perspective.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1826" base="F45930556" class="- topic/p ">many respondents disagreed with the proposals for lessor accounting:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS16_L0103" base="F45930563" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1827" base="F45930564" class="- topic/p ">some respondents were concerned that the dual accounting model proposed for lessors was not consistent with the single accounting model proposed for lessees.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1828" base="F45930566" class="- topic/p ">many respondents opposed the performance obligation approach. In the view of those respondents, the approach would artificially inflate a lessor’s assets and liabilities.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1829" base="F45930568" class="- topic/p ">some respondents recommended applying the derecognition approach to all leases. However, many disagreed with the proposal to prevent a lessor from accounting for the effects of the time value of money on the residual asset.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iv)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1830" base="F45930571" class="- topic/p ">some respondents thought that the lessor accounting requirements in IAS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Leases</ph></ph> and FASB Topic 840 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Leases</ph></ph> work well in practice and supported retaining those requirements.</p></li></ol></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1831" base="F45930558" class="- topic/p ">almost all respondents were concerned about the cost and complexity of the proposals, in particular the proposals regarding the measurement of the lessee’s lease liability and the lessor’s lease receivable. Some questioned whether lease payments to be made during optional extension periods would meet the definition of an asset (for the lessor) or a liability (for the lessee). Others suggested that it would be extremely difficult in many cases to estimate variable lease payments if the amounts depended on future sales or use of the underlying asset and that such estimates would be subject to a high level of measurement uncertainty. Many expressed a view that, because of the amount of judgement involved, the cost of including variable lease payments and payments to be made during optional periods in the measurement of lease assets and lease liabilities would outweigh the benefit for users of financial statements.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1832" base="F45930561" class="- topic/p ">many respondents also were concerned about the breadth of the scope of the proposals, indicating that the proposed definition of a lease had the potential to capture some contracts that they considered to be for services.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>