<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_BC13" base="F45930592" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC13</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC13" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS16_P1841" class="- topic/p ">The Boards received 641 comment letters in response to the 2013 Exposure Draft. In addition, the Boards conducted extensive outreach on the proposals in the 2013 Exposure Draft, including:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS16_L0107" base="F45930594" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1842" base="F45930595" class="- topic/p ">consultations with over 270 users of financial statements based in Australia, Belgium, Canada, France, Hong Kong, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the US;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1843" base="F45930597" class="- topic/p ">fieldwork meetings with individual preparers of financial statements from various industries including consumer goods, retail, aviation, oil and gas, telecommunications and automotive industries. These meetings were held in Brazil, France, Germany, Japan, Spain, the UK and the US and included detailed discussions about the costs of implementation for those entities.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1844" base="F45930609" class="- topic/p ">round table discussion held in London, Los Angeles, Norwalk, São Paulo and Singapore. These discussions were attended by approximately 100 stakeholder representatives.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1845" base="F45930611" class="- topic/p ">meetings with the IASB’s advisory bodies—the Capital Markets Advisory Committee, the Global Preparers Forum, the IFRS Advisory Council and the Accounting Standards Advisory Forum.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1846" base="F45930613" class="- topic/p ">outreach meetings with various other individual preparers and groups of preparers, standard-setters and regulators. These meetings included presentations during accounting conferences and at industry forums, and meetings with individual organisations or groups.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1847" base="F45930615" class="- topic/p ">project webcasts that attracted over 2,000 participants.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>