<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS16_BC240A" base="IFRS2020-2" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC240A</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC240A" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p class="- topic/p ">In 2020, when the Board provided lessees with a practical expedient for rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the covid-19 pandemic (see paragraphs BC205A–BC205G), the Board considered whether to provide similar practical relief for lessors. Lessors informed the Board that, like lessees, they face many practical challenges associated with large volumes of covid-19-related rent concessions. Having considered the feedback, the Board decided not to provide a practical expedient for lessors for the following reasons:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 16</ph></ph> does not specify how a lessor accounts for a change in lease payments that is not a lease modification—this is a consequence of the Board’s decision to substantially carry forward the lessor accounting requirements in <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 17</ph></ph> when it developed <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 16</ph></ph> (see paragraphs BC57–BC66). Consequently, to ensure consistency in financial reporting, a practical expedient for lessors would have to include new recognition and measurement requirements. Such requirements might not effectively address all of the practical challenges identified by lessors, and might have unintended consequences. Such requirements would also take time to develop, preventing a practical expedient from being provided in time to be useful.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p class="- topic/p ">Any practical expedient would adversely affect the comparability of, and interaction between, the lessor accounting requirements in <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 16</ph></ph> and related requirements in other Standards, thus impairing the quality of information provided to users of financial statements. For example, the lessor accounting requirements in <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 16</ph></ph> interact with:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph></ph> for finance leases. A lessor applies <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph></ph> in accounting for particular finance lease modifications and, therefore, the accounting for those modifications is aligned with the accounting for modifications to similar financial assets within the scope of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph></ph>.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 15</ph></ph> for operating leases. The application of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 16</ph></ph> to operating lease modifications results in outcomes similar to those that result from the application of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 15</ph></ph> to particular service contracts, and the definitions of a modification in <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 16</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 15</ph></ph> are similar.</p>           </li></ol>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p class="- topic/p ">Although acknowledging the practical challenges lessors face during the pandemic, the Board noted that, unlike lessees, lessors have not recently implemented a new accounting model for their leases.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Board was of the view that accounting for covid-19-related rent concessions using the existing lessor accounting requirements provides useful information to users of financial statements.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>