<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS27_BC10G" base="F37046982" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC10G</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 27" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC10G" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS27_P0347" class="- topic/p ">In general, the application of the equity method to investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates in the separate financial statements of an entity is expected to result in the same net assets and profit or loss attributable to the owners as in the entity’s consolidated financial statements. However, there could be situations in which applying the equity method in separate financial statements to investments in subsidiaries would give a different result compared to the consolidated financial statements. Some of those situations are:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS27_L0021" base="F37046984" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS27_P0348" base="F37046985" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">impairment testing requirements in IAS 28.</i> For an investment in a subsidiary accounted for in separate financial statements using the equity method, goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment in the subsidiary is not tested for impairment separately. Instead, the entire carrying amount of the investment in the subsidiary is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph> as a single asset. However, in the consolidated financial statements of the entity, because goodwill is recognised separately, it is tested for impairment by applying the requirements in IAS 36 for testing goodwill for impairment.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS27_P0349" base="F37046987" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">subsidiary that has a net liability position.</i> IAS 28 requires an investor to discontinue recognising its share of further losses when its cumulative share of losses of the investee equals or exceeds its interest in the investee, unless the investor has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee, in which case a liability is recognised, whereas there is no such requirement in relation to the consolidated financial statements.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS27_P0350" base="F37046989" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">capitalisation of borrowing costs incurred by a parent in relation to the assets of a subsidiary.</i> IAS 23 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Borrowing Costs</ph></ph> notes that, in some circumstances, it may be appropriate to include all borrowings of the parent and its subsidiaries when computing a weighted average of the borrowing costs. When a parent borrows funds and its subsidiary uses them for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset, in the consolidated financial statements of the parent the borrowing costs incurred by the parent are considered to be directly attributable to the acquisition of the subsidiary’s qualifying asset. However, this would not be appropriate in the separate financial statements of the parent if the parent’s investment in the subsidiary is a financial asset, which is not a qualifying asset.</p></li></ol><p id="IAS27_P0351" base="F37046990" class="- topic/p ">Some respondents to the Exposure Draft asked the Board to consider providing additional guidance to align the carrying amount of a subsidiary in the parent’s separate financial statements with the net assets of the subsidiary that are attributable to the parent in the parent’s consolidated financial statements. The Board concluded that creating any additional guidance within IAS 28 to eliminate such differences was outside the scope of this project. The Board was concerned that the development of such guidance would not be possible without adequate research and analysis, which would delay the amendments. Consequently, the Board decided not to consider these requests.</p></body></paragraph>