<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS36_IE89" base="SL32204" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">IE89</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IE89" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS36_P2368" class="- topic/p ">M includes the following disclosure in the notes to its financial statements for the year ending 31 December 20X3. </p><p base="SL154090" id="IAS36_P2369" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Impairment Tests for         Goodwill and Intangible Assets with Indefinite Lives</i></p><p base="SL154091" id="IAS36_P2370" class="- topic/p ">Goodwill has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to three individual cash‑generating units—two in Europe (units A and B) and one in North America (unit C)—and to one group of cash‑generating units (comprising operation XYZ) in Asia. The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to unit C and operation XYZ is significant in comparison with the total carrying amount of goodwill, but the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of units A and B is not. Nevertheless, the recoverable amounts of units A and B are based on some of the same key assumptions, and the aggregate carrying amount of goodwill allocated to those units is significant.</p><p base="SL154092" id="IAS36_P2371" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Operation XYZ</i></p><p base="SL154093" id="IAS36_P2372" class="- topic/p ">The recoverable amount of operation XYZ has been determined based on a value in use calculation. That calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five‑year period, and a discount rate of 8.4 per cent. Cash flows beyond that five‑year period have been extrapolated using a steady 6.3 per cent growth rate. This growth rate does not exceed the long‑term average growth rate for the market in which XYZ operates. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which XYZ’s recoverable amount is based would <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">not</i> cause XYZ’s carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.</p><p base="SL154094" id="IAS36_P2373" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Unit C</i></p><p base="SL154095" id="IAS36_P2374" class="- topic/p ">The recoverable amount of unit C has also been determined based on a value in use calculation. That calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five‑year period, and a discount rate of 9.2 per cent. C’s cash flows beyond the five‑year period are extrapolated using a steady 12 per cent growth rate. This growth rate exceeds by 4 percentage points the long‑term average growth rate for the market in which C operates. However, C benefits from the protection of a 10‑year patent on its primary product, granted in December 20X2. Management believes that a 12 per cent growth rate is reasonable in the light of that patent. Management also believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which C’s recoverable amount is based would <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">not</i> cause C’s carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.</p><p base="SL154096" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS36_P2375" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Units A and B</i></p><p base="SL154097" id="IAS36_P2376" class="- topic/p ">The recoverable amounts of units A and B have been determined on the basis of value in use calculations. Those units produce complementary products, and their recoverable amounts are based on some of the same key assumptions. Both value in use calculations use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a four‑year period, and a discount rate of 7.9 per cent. Both sets of cash flows beyond the four‑year period are extrapolated using a steady 5 per cent growth rate. This growth rate does not exceed the long‑term average growth rate for the market in which A and B operate. Cash flow projections during the budget period for both A and B are also based on the same expected gross margins during the budget period and the same raw materials price inflation during the budget period. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these key assumptions would <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">not</i> cause the aggregate carrying amount of A and B to exceed the aggregate recoverable amount of those units.</p><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL77603" frame="all" orient="port" id="IAS36_TAB0038" pgwide="0" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="4" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="1*" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="left" colnum="2" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C2" colwidth="1*" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="left" colnum="3" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C3" colwidth="1*" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="left" colnum="4" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C4" colwidth="1*" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="5" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2377" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2378" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Operation XYZ</i></p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C3" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2379" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Unit C</i></p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2380" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Units A and B  (in aggregate)</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2381" class="- topic/p ">Carrying amount of goodwill</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2382" class="- topic/p ">CU1,200</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C3" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2383" class="- topic/p ">CU3,000</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C4" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2384" class="- topic/p ">CU800</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2385" class="- topic/p ">Carrying amount of brand name with indefinite useful life</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" rowsep="1" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2386" class="- topic/p ">–</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C3" rowsep="1" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2387" class="- topic/p ">CU1,000</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C4" rowsep="1" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2388" class="- topic/p ">–</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" rowsep="1" namest="C1" nameend="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2389" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Key assumptions used in value in use calculations</b><xref keyref="footnotes/IAS36_FN0027" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154101" id="IAS36_P2390" class="- topic/p ">Key assumption</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154105" id="IAS36_P2391" class="- topic/p ">Budgeted gross margins</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C3" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154109" id="IAS36_P2392" class="- topic/p ">5-year US government bond rate</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154113" id="IAS36_P2393" class="- topic/p ">Budgeted gross margins</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154117" id="IAS36_P2394" class="- topic/p ">Basis for determining value(s) assigned to key assumption</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154121" id="IAS36_P2395" class="- topic/p ">Average gross margins achieved in period immediately before the budget period, increased for expected efficiency improvements.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C3" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154125" id="IAS36_P2396" class="- topic/p ">Yield on 5-year US government bonds at the beginning of the budget period.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154129" id="IAS36_P2397" class="- topic/p ">Average gross margins achieved in period immediately before the budget period, increased for expected efficiency improvements.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2398" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154133" id="IAS36_P2399" class="- topic/p ">Values assigned to key assumption reflect past experience, except for efficiency improvements. Management believes improvements of 5% per year are reasonably achievable.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C3" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154137" id="IAS36_P2400" class="- topic/p ">Value assigned to key assumption is consistent with external sources of information.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154141" id="IAS36_P2401" class="- topic/p ">Values assigned to key assumption reflect past experience, except for efficiency improvements. Management believes improvements of 5% per year are reasonably achievable.</p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154145" id="IAS36_P2402" class="- topic/p ">Key assumption</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154149" id="IAS36_P2403" class="- topic/p ">Japanese yen/US dollar exchange rate during the budget period</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C3" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154153" id="IAS36_P2404" class="- topic/p ">Raw materials price inflation</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154157" id="IAS36_P2405" class="- topic/p ">Raw materials price inflation</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154161" id="IAS36_P2406" class="- topic/p ">Basis for determining value(s) assigned to key assumption</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154165" id="IAS36_P2407" class="- topic/p ">Average market forward exchange rate over the budget period.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C3" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154169" id="IAS36_P2408" class="- topic/p ">Forecast consumer price indices during the budget period for North American countries from which raw materials are purchased.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154173" id="IAS36_P2409" class="- topic/p ">Forecast consumer price indices during the budget period for European countries from which raw materials are purchased.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2410" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154177" id="IAS36_P2411" class="- topic/p ">Value assigned to key assumption is consistent with external sources of information.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C3" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154181" id="IAS36_P2412" class="- topic/p ">Value assigned to key assumption is consistent with external sources of information.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154185" id="IAS36_P2413" class="- topic/p ">Value assigned to key assumption is consistent with external sources of information.</p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154189" id="IAS36_P2414" class="- topic/p ">Key assumption</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154193" id="IAS36_P2415" class="- topic/p ">Budgeted market share</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C3" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154197" id="IAS36_P2416" class="- topic/p ">Budgeted market share</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2417" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154201" id="IAS36_P2418" class="- topic/p ">Basis for determining value(s) assigned to key assumption</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154205" id="IAS36_P2419" class="- topic/p ">Average market share in period immediately before the budget period.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C3" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154209" id="IAS36_P2420" class="- topic/p ">Average market share in period immediately before the budget period, increased each year for anticipated growth in market share.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2421" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2422" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154213" id="IAS36_P2423" class="- topic/p ">Value assigned to key assumption reflects past experience. No change in market share expected as a result of ongoing product quality improvements coupled with anticipated increase in competition.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C3" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL154217" id="IAS36_P2424" class="- topic/p ">Management believes market share growth of 6% per year is reasonably achievable due to increased advertising expenditure, the benefits from the protection of the 10‑year patent on C’s primary product, and the expected synergies to be achieved from operating C as part of M’s North American segment.</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS36_P2425" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>