<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS13_B14" base="F16132619"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B14</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;13"/><data name="paranum" value="B14"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P0336">Present value techniques differ in how they capture the elements in paragraph&#xa0;B13. However, all the following general principles govern the application of any present value technique used to measure fair value:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0040" base="F16132621" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0337" base="F16132622">Cash flows and discount rates should reflect assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0338" base="F16132624">Cash flows and discount rates should take into account only the factors attributable to the asset or liability being measured.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0339" base="F16132626">To avoid double&#x2011;counting or omitting the effects of risk factors, discount rates should reflect assumptions that are consistent with those inherent in the cash flows. For example, a discount rate that reflects the uncertainty in expectations about future defaults  is appropriate if using contractual cash flows of a loan (ie&#xa0;a discount rate adjustment technique). That same rate should not be used if using expected (ie&#xa0;probability&#x2011;weighted) cash flows (ie&#xa0;an expected present value technique) because the expected cash flows already reflect assumptions about the uncertainty in future defaults; instead, a discount rate that is commensurate with the risk inherent in the expected cash flows should be used.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0340" base="F16132628">Assumptions about cash flows and discount rates should be internally consistent. For example, nominal cash flows, which include the effect of inflation, should be discounted at a rate that includes the effect of inflation. The nominal risk&#x2011;free interest rate includes the effect of inflation. Real cash flows, which exclude the effect of inflation, should be discounted at a rate that excludes the effect of inflation. Similarly, after&#x2011;tax cash flows should be discounted using an after&#x2011;tax discount rate. Pre&#x2011;tax cash flows should be discounted at a rate consistent with those cash flows.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0341" base="F16132630">Discount rates should be consistent with the underlying economic factors of the currency in which the cash flows are denominated.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>