<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="F16132837" id="IFRS13_B36"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B36</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;13"/><data name="paranum" value="B36"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P0414">Examples of Level 3 inputs for particular assets and liabilities include the following:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F16132839" id="IFRS13_L0050" type="lower-alpha"><li id="IFRS13_B36_a"><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F16132840" id="IFRS13_P0415"><i>Long&#x2011;dated currency swap.</i>&#xa0;A Level 3 input would be an interest rate in a specified currency that is not observable and cannot be corroborated by observable market data at commonly quoted intervals or otherwise for substantially the full term of the currency swap. The interest rates in a currency swap are the swap rates calculated from the respective countries&#x2019; yield curves.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS13_B36_b"><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F16138718" id="IFRS13_P0416"><i>Three&#x2011;year option on exchange&#x2011;traded shares</i>. A Level 3 input would be historical volatility, ie the volatility for the shares derived from the shares&#x2019; historical prices. Historical volatility typically does not represent current market participants&#x2019; expectations about future volatility, even if it is the only information available to price an option.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS13_B36_c"><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="F16132843" id="IFRS13_P0417"><i>Interest rate swap.</i> A Level 3 input would be an           adjustment to a mid&#x2011;market consensus (non&#x2011;binding) price for the swap developed using data           that are not directly observable and cannot otherwise be corroborated by observable market           data.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS13_B36_d"><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="F16132847" id="IFRS13_P0418"><i>Decommissioning liability assumed in a business             combination.</i>                      A Level 3 input would be a current estimate using the entity&#x2019;s own data about the future           cash outflows to be paid to fulfil the obligation (including market participants&#x2019;           expectations about the costs of fulfilling the obligation and the compensation that a           market participant would require for taking on the obligation  to dismantle the asset) if there is no reasonably available           information that indicates that market participants would use different assumptions. That           Level 3 input would be used in a present value technique            together with other inputs, eg a current risk&#x2011;free interest rate or a credit&#x2011;adjusted           risk&#x2011;free rate if the effect of the entity&#x2019;s credit standing  on the           fair value of the liability is reflected in the discount rate rather than in the estimate           of future cash outflows.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS13_B36_e"><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p base="F16132850" id="IFRS13_P0419"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Cash&#x2011;generating unit.</ph></ph> A Level 3 input would be           a financial forecast (eg of cash flows or profit or loss) developed using the entity&#x2019;s own           data if there is no reasonably available information that indicates that market           participants would use different assumptions.          </p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>