<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS13_B3" base="F16132519"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B3</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13"/><data name="paranum" value="B3"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P0295">When measuring the fair value of a non‑financial asset used in       combination with other assets as a group (as installed or otherwise configured for use) or in       combination with other assets and liabilities (eg a business), the effect       of the valuation premise depends on the circumstances. For example:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0036" base="F16132521" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS13_P0296" base="F16132522">the fair value of the asset might be the same whether           the asset is used on a stand‑alone basis or in combination with other assets or           with other assets and liabilities. That might be the case if the asset is a business that market           participants would continue to operate. In that case, the transaction would involve           valuing the business in its entirety. The use of the assets as a group in an ongoing           business would generate synergies that would be available to market participants (ie           market participant synergies that, therefore, should affect the fair value of the asset on           either a stand‑alone basis or in combination with other assets or with other assets and           liabilities).</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS13_P0297" base="F16132524">an asset’s use in combination with other assets           or with other assets and liabilities might be incorporated into the fair value measurement           through adjustments to the value of the asset used on a stand‑alone basis. That might be the case           if the asset is a machine and the fair value measurement is determined using an observed           price  for a           similar machine (not installed or otherwise configured for use), adjusted for transport              and           installation costs so that the fair value measurement reflects the current condition and           location of the machine (installed and configured for use).</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS13_P0298" base="F16132529">an asset’s use in combination with other assets           or with other assets and liabilities  might be incorporated into the fair value measurement through the           market participant assumptions  used to measure the fair value of the asset. For example, if the asset           is work in progress inventory that is unique and market participants would convert the           inventory into finished goods, the fair value of the inventory would assume that market           participants have acquired or would acquire  any specialised           machinery necessary to convert the inventory into finished goods.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS13_P0299" base="F16132531">an asset’s use in combination with other assets           or with other assets and liabilities  might be incorporated into the valuation technique  used to measure the fair           value of the asset. That might be the case when using the multi‑period excess           earnings method  to           measure the fair value of an intangible asset because that valuation technique           specifically takes into account the contribution of any complementary assets  and the associated           liabilities  in           the group in which such an intangible asset would be used.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS13_P0300" base="F16132533">in more limited situations, when an entity uses an           asset within a group of assets , the entity might measure the asset at an amount that approximates           its fair value when allocating the fair value of the asset group to the individual assets           of the group. That might be the case if the valuation involves real property and the fair           value of improved property (ie an asset group) is allocated to its component assets (such           as land and improvements).</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>