<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS13_B35" base="F16132757"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B35</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13"/><data name="paranum" value="B35"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P0402" outputclass="keep_with_next">Examples of Level 2 inputs for particular assets and liabilities include the following:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0048" base="F16132759" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0403" base="F16132760"><i>Receive‑fixed, pay‑variable interest rate swap based on the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) swap rate.</i> A Level 2 input would be the LIBOR swap rate if that rate is observable at commonly quoted intervals for substantially the full term of the swap. </p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0404" base="F16132763"><i>Receive‑fixed, pay‑variable interest rate swap based on a yield curve denominated in a foreign currency.</i> A Level 2 input would be the swap rate based on a yield curve denominated in a foreign currency that is observable at commonly quoted intervals for substantially the full term of the swap . That would be the case if the term of the swap is 10 years and that rate is observable at commonly quoted intervals for 9 years, provided that any reasonable extrapolation of the yield curve for year 10 would not be significant to the fair value measurement of the swap in its entirety.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0405" base="F16132766"><i>Receive‑fixed, pay‑variable interest rate swap based on a specific bank’s prime rate.</i> A Level 2 input would be the bank’s prime rate derived through extrapolation if the extrapolated values are corroborated by observable market data , for example, by correlation with an interest rate that is observable over substantially the full term of the swap.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0406" base="F16132815"><i>Three‑year option on exchange‑traded shares.</i> A Level 2 input would be the implied volatility for the shares derived through extrapolation to year 3 if both of the following conditions exist:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0049" base="F16132818" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0407" base="F16132819">Prices for one‑year and two‑year options on the shares are observable.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0408" base="F16132821">The extrapolated implied volatility of a three‑year option is corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the option. </p></li></ol> <p id="IFRS13_P0409" base="F16132822">In that case the implied volatility could be derived by extrapolating from the implied volatility of the one‑year and two‑year options on the shares and corroborated by the implied volatility for three‑year options on comparable entities’ shares, provided that correlation with the one‑year and two‑year implied volatilities is established.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0410" base="F16132824"><i>Licensing arrangement.</i> For a licensing arrangement that is acquired in a business combination and was recently negotiated with an unrelated party by the acquired entity (the party to the licensing arrangement), a Level 2 input would be the royalty rate in the contract with the unrelated party at inception of the arrangement.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0411" base="F16132827"><i>Finished goods inventory at a retail outlet.</i> For finished goods inventory that is acquired in a business combination, a Level 2 input would be either a price to customers in a retail market or a price to retailers in a wholesale market, adjusted for differences between the condition and location of the inventory item  and the comparable (ie similar) inventory items  so that the fair value measurement reflects the price that would be received in a transaction to sell the inventory to another retailer that would complete the requisite selling efforts. Conceptually, the fair value measurement will be the same, whether adjustments are made to a retail price (downward) or to a wholesale price (upward). Generally, the price that requires the least amount of subjective adjustments should be used for the fair value measurement.</p></li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0412" base="F16132830"><i>Building held and used.</i> A Level 2 input would be the price per square metre for the building (a valuation multiple) derived from observable market data, eg multiples derived from prices in observed transactions involving comparable (ie similar) buildings in similar locations. </p></li><li><li_value>(h)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0413" base="F16132833"><i>Cash‑generating unit.</i> A Level 2 input would be a valuation multiple (eg a multiple of earnings or revenue or a similar performance measure) derived from observable market data, eg multiples derived from prices in observed transactions involving comparable (ie similar) businesses, taking into account operational, market, financial and non‑financial factors. </p></li></ol></body></paragraph>