<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS13_B34" base="F16132739"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B34</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13"/><data name="paranum" value="B34"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P0397">Examples of markets in which inputs might be observable for some assets and liabilities (eg financial instruments) include the following: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0047" base="F16132741" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0398" base="F16132742"><i>Exchange markets.</i> In an exchange market, closing prices are both readily available and generally representative of fair value. An example of such a market is the London Stock Exchange.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0399" base="F16132745"><i>Dealer markets.</i> In a dealer market, dealers stand ready to trade (either buy or sell for their own account), thereby providing liquidity by using their capital to hold an inventory of the items for which they make a market. Typically bid and ask prices  (representing the price at which the dealer is willing to buy and the price at which the dealer is willing to sell, respectively) are more readily available than closing prices. Over‑the‑counter markets (for which prices are publicly reported) are dealer markets. Dealer markets also exist for some other assets and liabilities, including some financial instruments, commodities and physical assets (eg used equipment). </p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0400" base="F16132748"><i>Brokered markets.</i> In a brokered market, brokers attempt to match buyers with sellers but do not stand ready to trade for their own account. In other words, brokers do not use their own capital to hold an inventory of the items for which they make a market. The broker knows the prices bid and asked by the respective parties, but each party is typically unaware of another party’s price requirements. Prices of completed transactions are sometimes available. Brokered markets include electronic communication networks, in which buy and sell orders are matched, and commercial and residential real estate markets.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0401" base="F16132751"><i>Principal‑to‑principal markets.</i>  In a principal‑to‑principal market, transactions, both originations and resales, are negotiated independently with no intermediary. Little information about those transactions may be made available publicly.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>