<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS13_B29" base="F16132710"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B29</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13"/><data name="paranum" value="B29"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P0385">In theory, the present value (ie the fair value) of the asset’s cash flows is the same whether determined using Method 1 or Method 2, as follows:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0044" base="F16132712" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0386" base="F16132713">Using Method 1, the expected cash flows are adjusted for systematic (ie market) risk. In the absence of market data directly indicating the amount of the risk adjustment, such adjustment could be derived from an asset pricing model using the concept of certainty equivalents. For example, the risk adjustment (ie the cash risk premium of CU22) could be determined using the systematic risk premium of 3 per cent (CU780 – [CU780 × (1.05/1.08)]), which results in risk‑adjusted expected cash flows of CU758 (CU780 – CU22). The CU758 is the certainty equivalent of CU780 and is discounted at the risk‑free interest rate (5 per cent). The present value (ie the fair value) of the asset is CU722 (CU758/1.05).</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0387" base="F16132715">Using Method 2, the expected cash flows are not adjusted for systematic (ie market) risk. Rather, the adjustment for that risk is included in the discount rate. Thus, the expected cash flows are discounted at an expected rate of return of 8 per cent (ie the 5 per cent risk‑free interest rate plus the 3 per cent systematic risk premium). The present value (ie the fair value) of the asset is CU722 (CU780/1.08).</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>