<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="F16132248" id="IFRS13_93"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>93</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13"/><data name="paranum" value="93"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P0222">To meet the objectives in paragraph 91, an entity shall disclose, at a       minimum, the following information for each class of assets and liabilities (see paragraph 94       for information on determining appropriate classes of assets and liabilities) measured at fair       value (including measurements based on fair value within the scope of this IFRS) in the       statement of financial position after initial recognition:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F16132257" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS13_L0027"><li id="IFRS13_93_a"><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F16132258" id="IFRS13_P0223">for recurring and non‑recurring  fair value           measurements, the fair value measurement at the end of the reporting period, and for           non‑recurring fair value measurements, the reasons for the measurement.  Recurring fair value measurements of           assets or liabilities are those that other IFRSs require or permit in the statement of           financial position at the end of each reporting period. Non‑recurring fair value           measurements of assets or liabilities are those that other IFRSs require or permit in the           statement of financial position in particular circumstances (eg when an entity measures an           asset held for sale at fair value less costs to sell in accordance with IFRS 5 <ph outputclass="standard_ref">             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Non‑current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued               Operations</ph></ph> because the asset’s fair value less costs to sell is lower than           its carrying amount).          </p>       </li><li id="IFRS13_93_b"><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F16132261" id="IFRS13_P0224">for recurring and non‑recurring fair value           measurements, the level of the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value           measurements are categorised in their entirety (Level 1, 2 or 3).          </p>       </li><li id="IFRS13_93_c"><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="F16132263" id="IFRS13_P0225">for assets and liabilities held at the end of the           reporting period that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, the amounts of any           transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the reasons for those           transfers and the entity’s policy for determining when transfers between levels are deemed           to have occurred (see paragraph 95). Transfers into each level shall be disclosed and           discussed separately from transfers out of each level.          </p>       </li><li id="IFRS13_93_d"><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="F16132265" id="IFRS13_P0226">for recurring and non‑recurring fair value           measurements categorised within Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, a           description of the valuation technique(s) and the inputs used in the fair value           measurement. If there has been a change in valuation technique  (eg           changing from a market approach  to an income approach  or the use of an additional valuation technique), the entity shall           disclose that change and the reason(s) for making it. For fair value measurements           categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, an entity shall provide           quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value           measurement.  An entity is not required to create           quantitative information to comply with this disclosure requirement if quantitative           unobservable inputs are not developed by the entity when measuring fair value (eg when an           entity uses prices from prior transactions or third‑party pricing information without           adjustment).  However, when providing this disclosure an entity cannot           ignore quantitative unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement           and are reasonably available to the entity.          </p>       </li><li id="IFRS13_93_e"><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p base="F16132270" id="IFRS13_P0227">for recurring fair value measurements categorised           within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, a reconciliation from the opening balances to           the closing balances, disclosing separately changes during the period attributable to the           following:          </p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F16132272" type="lower-roman" id="IFRS13_L0028"><li id="IFRS13_93_e_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F16132273" id="IFRS13_P0228">total gains or losses for the period recognised in               profit or loss, and the line item(s) in profit or loss in which those gains or losses               are recognised.</p>           </li><li id="IFRS13_93_e_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F16132275" id="IFRS13_P0229">total gains or losses for the period recognised in               other comprehensive income, and the line item(s) in other comprehensive income in               which those gains or losses are recognised.</p>           </li><li id="IFRS13_93_e_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value>             <p base="F16132277" id="IFRS13_P0230">purchases, sales, issues and settlements (each of               those types of changes disclosed separately).</p>           </li><li id="IFRS13_93_e_iv"><li_value>(iv)</li_value>             <p base="F16132282" id="IFRS13_P0231">the amounts of any transfers into or out of Level               3 of the fair value hierarchy, the reasons for those transfers and the entity’s policy               for determining when transfers between levels are deemed to have occurred (see               paragraph 95). Transfers into Level 3 shall be disclosed and discussed separately from               transfers out of Level 3.</p>           </li></ol>       </li><li id="IFRS13_93_f"><li_value>(f)</li_value>         <p base="F16132284" id="IFRS13_P0232">for recurring fair value measurements categorised           within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the amount of the total gains or losses for           the period in (e)(i) included in profit or loss that is attributable to the change in           unrealised gains or losses  relating to those assets and liabilities           held at the end of the reporting period, and the line item(s) in profit or loss in which           those unrealised gains or losses are recognised.          </p>       </li><li id="IFRS13_93_g"><li_value>(g)</li_value>         <p base="F16132286" id="IFRS13_P0233">for recurring and non‑recurring fair value           measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, a description of the           valuation processes used by the entity (including, for example, how an entity decides its           valuation policies and procedures and analyses changes in fair value measurements from           period to period).          </p>       </li><li id="IFRS13_93_h"><li_value>(h)</li_value>         <p base="F16132288" id="IFRS13_P0234">for recurring fair value measurements categorised           within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F16132290" type="lower-roman" id="IFRS13_L0029"><li id="IFRS13_93_h_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F16132291" id="IFRS13_P0235">for all such measurements, a narrative description               of the sensitivity of the fair value measurement to changes in unobservable inputs if               a change in those inputs to a different amount might result in a significantly higher               or lower fair value measurement. If there are interrelationships between those inputs               and other unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement, an entity shall also               provide a description of those interrelationships and of how they might magnify or               mitigate the effect of changes in the unobservable inputs on the fair value               measurement. To comply with that disclosure requirement, the narrative description of               the sensitivity to changes in unobservable inputs shall include, at a minimum, the               unobservable inputs disclosed when complying with (d).              </p>           </li><li id="IFRS13_93_h_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F16132296" id="IFRS13_P0236">for financial assets and financial liabilities, if               changing one or more of the unobservable inputs to reflect reasonably possible               alternative assumptions would change fair value significantly, an entity shall state               that fact and disclose the effect of those changes. The entity shall disclose how the               effect of a change to reflect a reasonably possible alternative assumption was               calculated. For that purpose, significance shall be judged with respect to profit or               loss, and total assets or total liabilities, or, when changes in fair value are               recognised in other comprehensive income, total equity.              </p>           </li></ol>       </li><li id="IFRS13_93_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>         <p base="F16132298" id="IFRS13_P0237">for recurring and non‑recurring fair value           measurements, if the highest and best use of a non‑financial asset differs from its           current use, an entity shall disclose that fact and why the non‑financial asset is being           used in a manner that differs from its highest and best use.          </p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>