<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS13_B44" base="F16132894"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B44</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;13"/><data name="paranum" value="B44"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P0443">An entity shall consider all the following when measuring fair value or estimating market risk premiums: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0053" base="F16132896" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0444" base="F16132897">If the evidence indicates that a transaction is not orderly, an entity shall place little, if any, weight  (compared with other indications of fair value) on that transaction price.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0445" base="F16132899">If the evidence indicates that a transaction is orderly, an entity shall take into account that transaction price. The amount of weight  placed on that transaction price when compared with other indications of fair value will depend on the facts and circumstances, such as the following:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0054" base="F16132901" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0446" base="F16132902">the volume of the transaction.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0447" base="F16132904">the comparability of the transaction to the asset or liability being measured.</p></li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0448" base="F16132906">the proximity of the transaction to the measurement date.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0449" base="F16132908">If an entity does not have sufficient information to conclude whether a transaction is orderly, it shall take into account the transaction price. However, that transaction price may not represent fair value (ie the transaction price is not necessarily the sole or primary basis for measuring fair value or estimating market risk premiums). When an entity does not have sufficient information to conclude whether particular transactions are orderly, the entity shall place less weight  on those transactions when compared with other transactions that are known to be orderly.</p></li></ol><p id="IFRS13_P0450" base="F16132909">An entity need not undertake exhaustive efforts to determine whether a transaction is orderly, but it shall not ignore information that is reasonably available. When an entity is a party to a transaction, it is presumed to have sufficient information to conclude whether the transaction is orderly.</p></body></paragraph>