<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS13_B37" base="F16132854"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B37</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;13"/><data name="paranum" value="B37"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P0421">The fair value of an asset or a liability might be affected when there has been a significant decrease in the volume or level of activity for that asset or liability in relation to normal market activity for the asset or liability (or similar assets or liabilities).  To determine whether, on the basis of the evidence available, there has been a significant decrease in the volume or level of activity for the asset or liability, an entity shall evaluate the significance and relevance of factors such as the following:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0051" base="F16132856" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0422" base="F16132857">There are few recent transactions.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0423" base="F16132859">Price quotations are not developed using current information.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0424" base="F16132861">Price quotations vary substantially either over time or among market&#x2011;makers (eg some brokered markets).</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0425" base="F16132863">Indices that previously were highly correlated with the fair values of the asset or liability are demonstrably uncorrelated with recent indications of fair value for that asset or liability. </p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0426" base="F16132865">There is a significant increase in implied liquidity risk premiums,  yields or performance indicators (such as delinquency rates or loss severities) for observed transactions or quoted prices when compared with the entity&#x2019;s estimate of expected cash flows,  taking into account all available market data about credit and other non&#x2011;performance risk for the asset or liability.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0427" base="F16132867">There is a wide bid&#x2011;ask spread or significant increase in the bid&#x2011;ask spread. </p></li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0428" base="F16132869">There is a significant decline in the activity of, or there is an absence of, a market for new issues (ie a primary market) for the asset or liability or similar assets or liabilities.</p></li><li><li_value>(h)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0429" base="F16132871">Little information is publicly available (eg for transactions that take place in a principal&#x2011;to&#x2011;principal market).</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>