<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="IAS01_PRE"><title><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number"/><linebreak/><linebreak/><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title"/></ph></title><body><p id="IAS01_P0001" base="F17966526">In April 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board (Board) adopted <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, which had originally been issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee in September 1997. IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> replaced IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Disclosure of Accounting Policies</ph></ph> (issued in 1975), IAS 5 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Information to be Disclosed in Financial Statements</ph></ph> (originally approved in 1977) and IAS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Current Assets and Current Liabilities</ph></ph> (approved in 1979).</p><p id="IAS01_PRE_Dec2003" base="F17966532">In December 2003 the Board issued a revised IAS 1 as part of its initial agenda of technical projects. The Board issued an amended IAS 1 in September 2007, which included an amendment to the presentation of owner changes in equity and comprehensive income and a change in terminology in the titles of financial statements. In June 2011 the Board amended IAS 1 to improve how items of other income comprehensive income should be presented.</p><bodydiv>       <p id="IAS01_PRE_Dec2014" base="F38986590">In December 2014 IAS 1 was amended by <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Disclosure Initiative</ph></ph> (Amendments to IAS 1), which addressed concerns expressed about some of the existing presentation and disclosure requirements in IAS 1 and ensured that entities are able to use judgement when applying those requirements. In addition, the amendments clarified the requirements in paragraph 82A of IAS 1.</p>     </bodydiv><bodydiv>       <p id="IAS01_PRE_Oct2018">In October 2018 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Definition of Material</ph></ph> (Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8). This amendment clarified the definition of material and how it should be applied by (a) including in the definition guidance that until now has featured elsewhere in IFRS Standards; (b) improving the explanations accompanying the definition; and (c) ensuring that the definition of material is consistent across all IFRS Standards.</p>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="IAS2021-2">       <p base="IAS2021-2">In February 2021 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Disclosure of Accounting Policies</ph></ph> which amended         IAS 1 and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS Practice           Statement 2</ph>           <ph outputclass="standard_title">Making Materiality Judgements</ph></ph>. The amendment         amended IAS 1 to replace the requirement for entities to disclose their significant         accounting policies with the requirement to disclose their material accounting policy         information.</p>     </bodydiv><variants id="IAS01_P0004">                                                 <p id="IAS01_P0004_V7" base="F58849392">Other Standards have made minor consequential amendments to IAS 1. They include <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Improvement to IFRSs</ph></ph> (issued April 2009), <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Improvement to IFRSs</ph></ph> (issued May 2010), IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> (issued May 2011), IFRS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Disclosures of Interests in Other Entities</ph></ph> (issued May 2011), IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph> (issued May 2011), <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Employee Benefits</ph></ph> (issued June 2011), <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2009&#x2013;2011 Cycle</ph></ph> (issued May 2012), IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> (Hedge Accounting and amendments to IFRS 9, IFRS 7 and IAS 39) (issued November 2013), IFRS 15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph> (issued May 2014), <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Agriculture: Bearer Plants</ph></ph> (Amendments to IAS 16 and IAS 41) (issued June 2014), IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> (issued July 2014), IFRS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Leases</ph></ph> (issued January 2016), <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Disclosure Initiative</ph></ph> (Amendments to IAS 7) (issued January 2016), IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph> (issued May 2017), <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</ph></ph> (issued March 2018) and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Amendments to IFRS 17</ph></ph> (issued June 2020).</p>     </variants></body></topic>