<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS13_IE38" base="F16134028" principles="no"><paranum>IE38</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13"/><data name="paranum" value="IE38"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P0545">The significant assumptions used by Entity A to measure fair value are as follows: </p><ol id="IFRS13_L0067" base="F16134030" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0546" base="F16134031">Labour costs are developed on the basis of current marketplace wages, adjusted for expectations of future wage increases, required to hire contractors to dismantle and remove offshore oil platforms. Entity A assigns probability assessments to a range of cash flow estimates as follows:</p> <table id="IFRS13_TAB0003" base="F16134032" frame="none" orient="port"><tgroup cols="4"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="48*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="25*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="center"/><colspec colnum="3" colname="C3" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><colspec colnum="4" colname="C4" colwidth="17*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="right"/><thead><row><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS13_P0547" typeface="sansserif">Cash flow estimate (CU)</p></entry><entry colname="C2" rowsep="1" align="center" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS13_P0548" typeface="sansserif">Probability assessment</p></entry><entry colname="C3" rowsep="1"> <p id="IFRS13_P0549" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C4" rowsep="1" align="right" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS13_P0550" typeface="sansserif">Expected cash flows (CU)</p></entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="3"><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS13_P0551" typeface="sansserif">100,000</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="center" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS13_P0552" typeface="sansserif">25%</p></entry><entry colname="C3"> <p id="IFRS13_P0553" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C4" align="right" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS13_P0554" typeface="sansserif"> 25,000</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS13_P0555" typeface="sansserif">125,000</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="center" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS13_P0556" typeface="sansserif">50%</p></entry><entry colname="C3"> <p id="IFRS13_P0557" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C4" align="right" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS13_P0558" typeface="sansserif">62,500</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS13_P0559" typeface="sansserif">175,000</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="center" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS13_P0560" typeface="sansserif">25%</p></entry><entry colname="C3"> <p id="IFRS13_P0561" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C4" rowsep="1" align="right" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS13_P0562" typeface="sansserif">43,750</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="center"> <p id="IFRS13_P0563" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C2"> <p id="IFRS13_P0564" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C3" align="right"> <p id="IFRS13_P0565" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C4" rowsep="1" double_underline="yes" align="right" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS13_P0566" typeface="sansserif">CU131,250</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table> <p id="IFRS13_P0567" base="F16134035">The probability assessments are developed on the basis of Entity A&#x2019;s experience with fulfilling obligations of this type and its knowledge of the market.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0568" base="F16134062">Entity A estimates allocated overhead and equipment operating costs using the rate it applies to labour costs (80 per cent of expected labour costs). This is consistent with the cost structure of market participants.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0569" base="F16134064">Entity A estimates the compensation that a market participant would require for undertaking the activity and for assuming the risk associated with the obligation  to dismantle and remove the asset as follows:</p> <ol id="IFRS13_L0068" base="F16134066" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0570" base="F16134067">A third&#x2011;party contractor typically adds a mark&#x2011;up on labour and allocated internal costs to provide a profit margin on the job. The profit margin used (20 per cent) represents Entity A&#x2019;s understanding of the operating profit that contractors in the industry generally earn to dismantle and remove offshore oil platforms. Entity A concludes that this rate is consistent with the rate that a market participant would require as compensation for undertaking the activity.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0571" base="F16134069">A contractor would typically require compensation for the risk that the actual cash outflows might differ from those expected because of the uncertainty inherent in locking in today&#x2019;s price for a project that will not occur for 10 years. Entity A estimates the amount of that premium to be 5 per cent of the expected cash flows, including the effect of inflation.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0572" base="F16134071">Entity A assumes a rate of inflation of 4 per cent over the 10&#x2011;year period on the basis of available market data.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0573" base="F16134073">The risk&#x2011;free rate of interest for a 10&#x2011;year maturity on 1 January 20X1 is 5 per cent. Entity A adjusts that rate by 3.5 per cent to reflect its risk of non&#x2011;performance (ie the risk that it will not fulfil the obligation), including its credit risk . Therefore, the discount rate used to compute the present value of the cash flows is 8.5 per cent.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>