<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS13_IE12" base="F16133858" principles="no"><paranum>IE12</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13"/><data name="paranum" value="IE12"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P0489">The entity determines that sufficient data are available to apply the cost approach  and, because the customisation of the machine was not extensive, the market approach . The income approach  is not used because the machine does not have a separately identifiable income stream from which to develop reliable estimates of future cash flows. Furthermore, information about short&#x2011;term and intermediate&#x2011;term lease rates for similar used machinery that otherwise could be used to project an income stream (ie lease payments over remaining service lives) is not available. The market and cost approaches are applied as follows:</p><ol id="IFRS13_L0058" base="F16133860" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0490" base="F16133862">The market approach  is applied using quoted prices for similar machines adjusted for differences between the machine (as customised) and the similar machines. The measurement reflects the price that would be received for the machine in its current condition (used) and location (installed and configured for use). The fair value indicated by that approach ranges from CU40,000 to CU48,000.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0491" base="F16133864">The cost approach  is applied by estimating the amount that would be required currently to construct a substitute (customised) machine of comparable utility. The estimate takes into account the condition of the machine and the environment in which it operates, including physical wear and tear (ie physical deterioration), improvements in technology (ie functional obsolescence), conditions external to the condition of the machine such as a decline in the market demand for similar machines (ie economic obsolescence) and installation costs. The fair value indicated by that approach ranges from CU40,000 to CU52,000.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>