<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IFRS01_APPA"><title base="F7282722" id="IFRS01_APPA_TI">Appendix A Defined terms</title><body><note type="note">       <p base="F62005242" id="IFRS01_P0222">This appendix is an integral part of the IFRS.</p>     </note><dl base="F62005243" id="IFRS01_D0001"><dlentry base="F62005246" id="IFRS01_DI0001"><dt base="F62005244" id="IFRS01_TE0001">date of transition to IFRSs</dt><dd>           <p base="F7282728" id="IFRS01_P0223">The beginning of the earliest period for which an entity presents full comparative information under IFRSs                          in its <b>first IFRS financial statements</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F62005249" id="IFRS01_DI0002"><dt base="F62005247" id="IFRS01_TE0002">deemed cost </dt><dd>           <p base="F7282729" id="IFRS01_P0224">An amount used as a surrogate for cost or depreciated cost at a given date. Subsequent depreciation or amortisation assumes that the entity had initially recognised the asset or liability at the given date and that its cost was equal to the deemed cost.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F62005252" id="IFRS01_DI0003"><dt base="F62005250" id="IFRS01_TE0003">fair value</dt><dd>           <p base="F16141290" id="IFRS01_P0226"><i>Fair value</i> is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. (See IFRS 13.)</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F62005255" id="IFRS01_DI0004"><dt base="F62005253" id="IFRS01_TE0004">first IFRS financial statements</dt><dd>           <p base="F7282731" id="IFRS01_P0227">The first annual                          financial statements in which an entity adopts <b>International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs)</b>, by an explicit and unreserved statement of compliance with IFRSs.                        </p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F62005261" id="IFRS01_DI0005"><dt base="F62005259" id="IFRS01_TE0005">first IFRS reporting period</dt><dd>           <p base="F7282732" id="IFRS01_P0230">The latest reporting period covered by an entity’s <b>first IFRS financial statements</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F62005258" id="IFRS01_DI0006"><dt base="F62005256" id="IFRS01_TE0006">first‑time adopter</dt><dd>           <p base="F7282733" id="IFRS01_P0231">An entity that presents its <b>first IFRS financial statements</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F62005264" id="IFRS01_DI0007"><dt base="F62005262" id="IFRS01_TE0007">International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs)</dt><dd>           <p base="F7282734" id="IFRS01_P0232">Standards and Interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). They comprise: </p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F7282738" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS01_L0020"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>               <p base="F7282739" id="IFRS01_P0233">International Financial Reporting Standards;</p>             </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>               <p base="F7282741" id="IFRS01_P0234">International Accounting Standards;</p>             </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>               <p base="F7282743" id="IFRS01_P0235">IFRIC Interpretations; and</p>             </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>               <p base="F14900797" id="IFRS01_P0236">SIC Interpretations.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS01_FN0002" type="fn"/></p>             </li></ol>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F62005267" id="IFRS01_DI0008"><dt base="F62005265" id="IFRS01_TE0008">opening IFRS statement of financial position</dt><dd>           <p base="F7282735" id="IFRS01_P0237">An entity’s statement of financial position at the <b>date of transition to IFRSs</b>.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F62005270" id="IFRS01_DI0009"><dt base="F62005268" id="IFRS01_TE0009">previous GAAP</dt><dd>           <p base="F7282736" id="IFRS01_P0239">The basis of accounting that a <b>first‑time adopter</b> used immediately before adopting IFRSs.</p>         </dd></dlentry></dl></body></topic>