<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS01_C4"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>C4</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;1"/><data name="paranum" value="C4"/></prolog><body><bodydiv base="F46425467" id="IFRS01_C4_V2" principles="no">       <p id="IFRS01_P0376">If a&#xa0;first&#x2011;time adopter&#xa0;does not apply&#xa0;<xref base="F46425469" href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X0535">IFRS&#xa0;3</xref>&#xa0;retrospectively to a past business combination, this has the following         consequences for that business combination:&#xa0;</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="F46425470" id="IFRS01_L0036" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="F46425472" id="IFRS01_P0377">The first&#x2011;time adopter shall keep the same             classification (as an acquisition by the legal acquirer, a reverse acquisition by the             legal acquiree, or a uniting of interests) as in its&#xa0;previous GAAP&#xa0;financial             statements.</p>                    </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="F46425477" id="IFRS01_P0379">The first&#x2011;time adopter shall recognise all its             assets and liabilities at the&#xa0;date of transition to IFRSs&#xa0;that were             acquired or assumed in a past business combination, other than:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F46425479" id="IFRS01_L0037" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="F46425481" id="IFRS01_P0380">some financial assets and financial liabilities                 derecognised in accordance with previous GAAP (see&#xa0;<xref href="IFRS01_gB4-B6.dita" id="IFRS01_X0537" scope="local">paragraph B2</xref>); and</p>             </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F46425484" id="IFRS01_P0381">assets, including goodwill, and liabilities that                 were not recognised in the acquirer&#x2019;s consolidated statement of financial position                 in accordance with previous GAAP and also would not qualify for recognition in                 accordance with&#xa0;IFRSs&#xa0;in the separate statement of                 financial position of the acquiree (see (f)&#x2013;(i) below).</p>                            </li></ol>           <p base="F46425488" id="IFRS01_P0383">The first&#x2011;time adopter shall recognise any resulting             change by adjusting retained earnings (or, if appropriate, another category of equity),             unless the change results from the recognition of an intangible asset that was             previously subsumed within goodwill (see (g)(i) below).</p>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p base="F46425490" id="IFRS01_P0384">The first&#x2011;time adopter shall exclude from its&#xa0;opening IFRS               statement of financial position&#xa0;any item recognised in accordance with             previous GAAP that does not qualify for recognition as an asset or liability under             IFRSs. The first&#x2011;time adopter shall account for the resulting change as follows:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F46425492" id="IFRS01_L0038" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="F46425494" id="IFRS01_P0385">the first&#x2011;time adopter may have classified a                 past business combination as an acquisition and recognised as an intangible asset an                 item that does not qualify for recognition as an asset in accordance with&#xa0;<xref base="F46425495" href="../ias38/IAS38_TOC0001.dita#IAS38_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X0539">IAS&#xa0;38&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Intangible Assets</ph></ph></xref>. It shall                 reclassify that item (and, if any, the related deferred tax and non&#x2011;controlling                 interests) as part of goodwill (unless it deducted goodwill directly from equity in                 accordance with previous GAAP, see (g)(i) and (i) below).</p>             </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F46425498" id="IFRS01_P0386">the first&#x2011;time adopter shall recognise all other                 resulting changes in retained earnings.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS01_FN0004" type="fn"/></p>                            </li></ol>         </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p base="F46425503" id="IFRS01_P0388">IFRSs require subsequent measurement of some assets             and liabilities on a basis that is not based on original cost, such as fair value. The             first&#x2011;time adopter shall measure these assets and liabilities on that basis in its             opening IFRS statement of financial position, even if they were acquired or assumed in a             past business combination. It shall recognise any resulting change in the carrying             amount by adjusting retained earnings (or, if appropriate, another category of equity),             rather than goodwill.</p>                    </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>           <p base="F46425507" id="IFRS01_P0390">Immediately after the business combination, the             carrying amount in accordance with previous GAAP of assets acquired and liabilities             assumed in that business combination shall be their deemed cost in accordance with IFRSs             at that date. If IFRSs require a cost&#x2011;based measurement of those assets and liabilities             at a later date, that deemed cost shall be the basis for cost&#x2011;based depreciation or             amortisation from the date of the business combination.</p>                    </li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>           <p base="F46425511" id="IFRS01_P0392">If an asset acquired, or liability assumed, in a             past business combination was not recognised in accordance with previous GAAP, it does             not have a deemed cost of zero in the opening IFRS statement of financial position.             Instead, the acquirer shall recognise and measure it in its consolidated statement of             financial position on the basis that IFRSs would require in the statement of financial             position of the acquiree. To illustrate: if the acquirer had not, in accordance with its             previous GAAP, capitalised leases acquired in a past business combination in which the             acquiree was a lessee, it shall capitalise those leases in its consolidated financial             statements, as&#xa0;<xref base="F46975758" href="../ifrs16/IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X0544">IFRS&#xa0;16&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Leases</ph></ph></xref>&#xa0;would require the acquiree to             do in its IFRS statement of financial position.  Similarly, if the             acquirer had not, in accordance with its previous GAAP, recognised a contingent             liability that still exists at the date of transition to IFRSs, the acquirer shall             recognise that contingent liability at that date unless&#xa0;<xref base="F46425514" href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X0546">IAS&#xa0;37&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent                   Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph></xref>&#xa0;would prohibit its recognition             in the financial statements of the acquiree. Conversely, if an asset or liability was             subsumed in goodwill in accordance with previous GAAP but would have been recognised             separately under&#xa0;<xref base="F46425516" href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X0547">IFRS&#xa0;3</xref>, that asset or liability remains in goodwill unless             IFRSs would require its recognition in the financial statements of the acquiree.</p>                    </li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value>           <p base="F46425523" id="IFRS01_P0396">The carrying amount of goodwill in the opening IFRS             statement of financial position shall be its carrying amount in accordance with previous             GAAP at the date of transition to IFRSs, after the following two adjustments:</p>                      <ol outputclass="static" base="F46425530" id="IFRS01_L0039" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="F46425532" id="IFRS01_P0399">If required by (c)(i) above, the first&#x2011;time                 adopter shall increase the carrying amount of goodwill when it reclassifies an item                 that it recognised as an intangible asset in accordance with previous GAAP.                 Similarly, if (f) above requires the first&#x2011;time adopter to recognise an intangible                 asset that was subsumed in recognised goodwill in accordance with previous GAAP, the                 first&#x2011;time adopter shall decrease the carrying amount of goodwill accordingly (and,                 if applicable, adjust deferred tax and non&#x2011;controlling interests).</p>                            </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F46425538" id="IFRS01_P0401">Regardless of whether there is any indication                 that the goodwill may be impaired, the first&#x2011;time adopter shall apply&#xa0;<xref base="F46425539" href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X0557">IAS&#xa0;36</xref>&#xa0;in testing the goodwill for impairment at the date                 of transition to IFRSs and in recognising any resulting impairment loss in retained                 earnings (or, if so required by&#xa0;<xref base="F46425540" href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X0558">IAS&#xa0;36</xref>,                 in revaluation surplus). The impairment test shall be based on conditions at the                 date of transition to IFRSs.</p>                            </li></ol>         </li><li><li_value>(h)</li_value>           <p base="F46425546" id="IFRS01_P0404">No other adjustments shall be made to the carrying             amount of goodwill at the date of transition to IFRSs. For example, the first&#x2011;time             adopter shall not restate the carrying amount of goodwill:</p>                      <ol outputclass="static" base="F46425550" id="IFRS01_L0040" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="F46425552" id="IFRS01_P0406">to exclude in&#x2011;process research and development                 acquired in that business combination (unless the related intangible asset would                 qualify for recognition in accordance with&#xa0;<xref base="F46425553" href="../ias38/IAS38_TOC0001.dita#IAS38_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X0563">IAS&#xa0;38</xref>&#xa0;in the statement of financial position of the acquiree);</p>             </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F46425555" id="IFRS01_P0407">to adjust previous amortisation of goodwill;</p>             </li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value>               <p base="F46425557" id="IFRS01_P0408">to reverse adjustments to goodwill that&#xa0;<xref base="F46425558" href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X0564">IFRS&#xa0;3</xref>&#xa0;would not permit, but were made in accordance with previous GAAP                 because of adjustments to assets and liabilities between the date of the business                 combination and the date of transition to IFRSs.</p>             </li></ol>         </li><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>           <p base="F46425560" id="IFRS01_P0409">If the first&#x2011;time adopter recognised goodwill in             accordance with previous GAAP as a deduction from equity:</p>                      <ol outputclass="static" base="F46425564" id="IFRS01_L0041" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="F46425566" id="IFRS01_P0411">it shall not recognise that goodwill in its                 opening IFRS statement of financial position. Furthermore, it shall not reclassify                 that goodwill to profit or loss if it disposes of the subsidiary or if the                 investment in the subsidiary becomes impaired.</p>             </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F46425568" id="IFRS01_P0412">adjustments resulting from the subsequent                 resolution of a contingency affecting the purchase consideration shall be recognised                 in retained earnings.</p>             </li></ol>         </li><li><li_value>(j)</li_value>           <p base="F46425570" id="IFRS01_P0413">In accordance with its previous GAAP, the first&#x2011;time             adopter may not have consolidated a subsidiary acquired in a past business combination             (for example, because the parent did not regard it as a subsidiary in accordance with             previous GAAP or did not prepare consolidated financial statements). The first&#x2011;time             adopter shall adjust the carrying amounts of the subsidiary&#x2019;s assets and liabilities to             the amounts that IFRSs would require in the subsidiary&#x2019;s statement of financial             position. The deemed cost of goodwill equals the difference at the date of transition to             IFRSs between:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F46425572" id="IFRS01_L0042" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="F46425574" id="IFRS01_P0414">the parent&#x2019;s interest in those adjusted carrying                 amounts; and</p>             </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F46425576" id="IFRS01_P0415">the cost in the parent&#x2019;s separate financial                 statements of its investment in the subsidiary.</p>                            </li></ol>         </li><li><li_value>(k)</li_value>           <p base="F46425580" id="IFRS01_P0417">The measurement of non&#x2011;controlling interests and             deferred tax follows from the measurement of other assets and liabilities. Therefore,             the above adjustments to recognised assets and liabilities affect non&#x2011;controlling             interests and deferred tax.</p>                    </li></ol>     </bodydiv></body></paragraph>