<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="SL35461" id="IFRS05_BC32"><paranum>BC32</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 5"/><data name="paranum" value="BC32"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS05_P0771">However, the Board noted that <xref base="F15830470" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IFRS05_X0430">IAS 16</xref> requires an entity to keep the expected useful life and residual values of property, plant and equipment up to date, and <xref base="F15830471" href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001" id="IFRS05_X0431">IAS 36 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph></xref> requires an immediate write&#x2011;down to the higher of value in use and fair value less costs to sell. An entity should, therefore, often achieve a measurement effect for individual assets that are about to be sold under other IFRSs similar to that required by this IFRS as follows. Under other IFRSs, if the fair value less costs to sell is higher than carrying amount there will be no impairment and no depreciation (because the residual value will have been updated). If fair value less costs to sell is lower than carrying amount, there will be an impairment loss that reduces the carrying amount to fair value less costs to sell and then no depreciation (because the residual value will have been updated), unless value in use is higher than fair value less costs to sell. If value in use is higher than fair value less costs to sell, there would be small differences between the treatment that would arise under other IFRSs and the treatment under IFRS 5. Under other IFRSs there would be an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds value in use rather than to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds fair value less costs to sell. Under other IFRSs, there would also then be depreciation of the excess of value in use (the new carrying amount of the asset) over fair value less costs to sell (its residual value). However, for assets classified as held for sale, value in use will differ from fair value less costs to sell only to the extent of the net cash flows expected to arise before the sale. If the period to sale is short, this amount will usually be relatively small. The difference in impairment loss recognised and subsequent depreciation under other IFRSs compared with the impairment loss and no subsequent depreciation under IFRS 5 would, therefore, also be small.</p></body></paragraph>