<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS05_BC85" base="SL35514"><paranum>BC85</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 5"/><data name="paranum" value="BC85"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS05_P0875">The following table sets out the extent of convergence with SFAS 144: </p><table id="IFRS05_TAB0010" base="SL78715" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="50*" colsep="1" rowsep="1" align="left"/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="50*" colsep="1" rowsep="1" align="left"/><thead><row><entry colname="C1" align="left"> <p id="IFRS05_P0876" typeface="sansserif">Requirement</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left"> <p id="IFRS05_P0877" typeface="sansserif">Extent of convergence with SFAS 144</p></entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS05_P0878" typeface="sansserif">Scope</p></entry><entry colname="C2"> <p id="IFRS05_P0879" typeface="sansserif">Some differences in scope arising from other differences between IFRSs and US GAAP.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS05_P0880" typeface="sansserif">Criteria for classification as held for sale</p></entry><entry colname="C2"> <p id="IFRS05_P0881" typeface="sansserif">Fully converged.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS05_P0882" typeface="sansserif">Treatment of assets to be exchanged</p></entry><entry colname="C2"> <p id="IFRS05_P0883" typeface="sansserif">Fully converged if FASB proposals on exchanges of non&#x2011;monetary assets are finalised.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS05_P0884" typeface="sansserif">Treatment of assets to be abandoned</p></entry><entry colname="C2"> <p id="IFRS05_P0885" typeface="sansserif">Fully converged.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS05_P0886" typeface="sansserif">Measurement on initial classification</p></entry><entry colname="C2" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS05_P0887" typeface="sansserif">Converged, other than cumulative exchange differences recognised directly in equity<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS05_FN0049" type="fn"/> that are included in the carrying amount of the asset (or disposal group) under US GAAP but are not under IFRS 5.</p> </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS05_P0889" typeface="sansserif">Subsequent measurement</p></entry><entry colname="C2"> <p id="IFRS05_P0890" typeface="sansserif">Converged on the principles, but some differences arising from different requirements on reversals of previous impairments.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS05_P0891" typeface="sansserif">Changes to a plan to sell</p></entry><entry colname="C2"> <p id="IFRS05_P0892" typeface="sansserif">Converged on reclassification and on measurement, except for differences arising from different requirements on reversals of previous impairments. </p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS05_P0893" typeface="sansserif">Presentation of assets classified as held for sale</p></entry><entry colname="C2"> <p id="IFRS05_P0894" typeface="sansserif">Fully converged.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS05_P0895" typeface="sansserif">Definition of a discontinued operation</p></entry><entry colname="C2" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS05_P0896" typeface="sansserif">Not converged but the Board intends to work with the FASB to arrive at a converged definition within a relatively short time. </p> </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS05_P0898" typeface="sansserif">Timing of classification of an operation as discontinued</p></entry><entry colname="C2"> <p id="IFRS05_P0899" typeface="sansserif">Fully converged.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS05_P0900" typeface="sansserif">Presentation of a discontinued operation</p></entry><entry colname="C2"> <p id="IFRS05_P0901" typeface="sansserif">Converged except that SFAS 144 requires the presentation of pre&#x2011; and post&#x2011;tax profits on the face of the income statement and IFRS 5 requires the presentation of post&#x2011;tax profit only (although disaggregation is permitted).</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>