<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS07_B10"><paranum>B10</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 7"/><data name="paranum" value="B10"/></prolog><body><variant id="IFRS07_B10_V2" base="F19039394"> <p id="IFRS07_P1047">Activities that give rise to credit risk and the associated maximum exposure to credit risk include, but are not limited to:</p> <ol id="IFRS07_L0127" base="SL144928" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P1048" base="SL144930">granting loans to customers and placing deposits with other entities. In these cases, the maximum exposure to credit risk is the carrying amount of the related financial assets.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P1049" base="SL144932">entering into <xref base="F32570638" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_APPA.dita#IFRS09_APPA/IFRS09_P0689">derivative<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0086"/></ph></xref> contracts, eg foreign exchange contracts, interest rate swaps and credit derivatives. When the resulting asset is measured at <xref base="F16132372" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_APPA.dita#IFRS13_APPA/IFRS13_P0256">fair value<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0118"/></ph></xref>, the maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period will equal the carrying amount.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P1050" base="SL144934">granting financial guarantees. In this case, the maximum exposure to credit risk is the maximum amount the entity could have to pay if the guarantee is called on, which may be significantly greater than the amount recognised as a liability.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P1051" base="SL144936">making a loan commitment that is irrevocable over the life of the facility or is revocable only in response to a material adverse change. If the issuer cannot settle the loan commitment net in cash or another <xref base="SL37522960" href="../ias32/IAS32_11.dita#IAS32_11/IAS32_P0110">financial instrument<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0126"/></ph></xref>, the maximum credit exposure is the full amount of the commitment. This is because it is uncertain whether the amount of any undrawn portion may be drawn upon in the future. This may be significantly greater than the amount recognised as a liability.</p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>