<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F33207921" id="IFRS09_BC6.431"><paranum>BC6.431</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC6.431"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P6979">The restrictions in <xref base="F71872010" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" id="IFRS09_X3069">IAS 39</xref> prevented an entity that hedges on a group or net basis from presenting its activities in a manner that is consistent with its risk management practice. For example, an entity may hedge the net (ie residual) foreign currency risk from a sequence of sales and expenses that arise over several reporting periods (say, two years) using a single foreign currency derivative. Such an entity could not designate the net position of sales and expenses as the hedged item. Instead, if it wanted to apply hedge accounting it had to designate a gross position that best matched its hedging instrument. However, the IASB noted there were a number of reasons why this could render information less useful, for example:</p><ol base="F33207923" id="IFRS09_L0361" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F33207924" id="IFRS09_P6980">a matching hedged item might not exist, in which case hedge accounting cannot be applied.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F33207926" id="IFRS09_P6981">if the entity did identify and designate a matching gross exposure from the sequence of sales and expenses, that item would be portrayed as the only hedged item and would be presented at the hedged rate. All other transactions (for instance, in earlier reporting periods) would appear unhedged and would be recognised at the prevailing spot rates, which would give rise to volatility in some reporting periods.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F33207938" id="IFRS09_P6982">if the designated hedged transaction did not arise, but the net position remained the same, hedge ineffectiveness would be recognised for accounting purposes even though it does not exist from an economic perspective.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>