<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F33205143" id="IFRS09_BCE.72"><paranum>BCE.72</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BCE.72"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P7417">In assessing whether IFRS 9 would improve financial reporting, the IASB considered the concerns voiced by some interested parties regarding the changes in accounting for financial assets. Some believe that IFRS 9 will result in more financial assets being reported at fair value compared to the requirements in <xref base="F71918716" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" id="IFRS09_X3298">IAS 39</xref>, and this concerns them for one or more of the following reasons:</p><ol base="F33205145" id="IFRS09_L0403" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F33205147" id="IFRS09_P7418">while fair value might be relevant during times of relative market stability, they considered that it lacks relevance and reliability during times of market instability.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F33205149" id="IFRS09_P7419">fair value reporting leads to procyclicality, meaning that it reflects or even magnifies economic or financial fluctuations. For example, in response to changes in fair value, entities may need, or choose, to sell different amounts of financial assets than they normally would, and the entity may have a different estimate of the present value of the future cash flows than is indicated by the fair value or market price; fair value amounts that are lower than the entity&#x2019;s estimate of future cash flows are of particular concern. (Such as when an entity intends to hold an asset to collect its contractual cash flows.)</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F33205151" id="IFRS09_P7420">fair value reporting may impact the activities of regulated entities. Regulatory reporting uses some of the amounts reported in general purpose financial statements. Consequently, IFRS reporting may have effects for regulated entities. For example, regulated entities (especially banks) are often required to maintain a minimum level of capital reserves. Decreases in the fair value of some financial assets may impact the level of those capital reserves. As a consequence, some expressed concern that regulated entities may decrease lending during an economic downturn, which can further exacerbate the downturn.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>