<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS09_BC5.246" base="F33209510"><paranum>BC5.246</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC5.246"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P6365">The IASB considered and rejected the following alternatives that were suggested for measuring future drawdowns:</p><ol id="IFRS09_L0295" base="F33209512" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6366" base="F33209513">limiting the estimate of future drawdowns to the next 12 months. While it would be less complex to use an estimate over a 12&#x2011;month time period, such a limit would be arbitrary and inconsistent with estimating lifetime expected credit losses.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6367" base="F33209515">estimating future drawdowns based only on historical information. While it would be less complex to limit the estimate to historical information, it would be inconsistent with the objective of an impairment model based on expected credit losses. Historical utilisation rates might be a good indicator for future drawdowns, but an entity would also need to consider the need to make adjustments for current and future expectations when estimating expected credit losses.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6368" base="F33209517">using the credit conversion factor provided by prudential regulators. Regulators typically provide credit conversion factors over a 12-month period. Generally, they are not forward-looking, and are specific to product types or particular to the entity. Similarly as for the issues mentioned in (a)&#x2013;(b), applying such a standardised parameter when estimating expected credit losses is inconsistent with the general approach. It also would also not address the issue for entities that are not subject to such regulations.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>