<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F33203823" id="IFRS09_BCZ2.15"><paranum>BCZ2.15</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BCZ2.15"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P5450">The IASB issued the amendments for financial guarantee contracts in August 2005. After those amendments, the recognition and measurement requirements for financial guarantee contracts within the scope of IAS 39 were consistent with FIN 45 in some areas, but differed in others:</p><ol base="F33203825" id="IFRS09_L0213" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F33203826" id="IFRS09_P5451">Like FIN 45, <xref base="F71849121" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" id="IFRS09_X2222">IAS 39</xref> requires initial recognition at fair value.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F33203828" id="IFRS09_P5452">IAS 39 requires systematic amortisation, in accordance with IAS 18<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS09_FN0091" type="fn"/>, of the liability recognised initially. This is compatible with FIN 45, though FIN 45 contains less prescriptive requirements on subsequent measurement. Both <xref base="F71849122" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" id="IFRS09_X2223">IAS 39</xref> and FIN 45 include a liability adequacy (or loss recognition) test, although the tests differ because of underlying differences in the Standards to which those tests refer (<xref href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita" id="IFRS09_X2224" scope="local">IAS 37</xref> and Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 5 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for Contingencies</ph></ph>).</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="F33203889" id="IFRS09_P5453">Like FIN 45, IAS 39 permits a different treatment for financial guarantee contracts issued by insurers.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="F33203891" id="IFRS09_P5454">Unlike FIN 45, IAS 39 does not contain exemptions for parents, subsidiaries or other entities under common control. However, any differences are reflected only in the separate or individual financial statements of the parent, subsidiaries or common control entities.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>