<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS09_BC5.171" base="F33209291"><paranum>BC5.171</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC5.171"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P6259">During outreach and as part of their responses to the 2013 Impairment Exposure Draft, some interested parties and respondents asked the IASB to specify the amount of change in the risk of a default occurring that would require the recognition of lifetime expected credit losses. Those making this request argued that this would provide clarity and improve comparability. The IASB did not pursue this approach for the following reasons:</p><ol id="IFRS09_L0290" base="F33209325" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6260" base="F33209326">not all entities use an explicit probability of default to measure or assess credit risk&#x2014;in particular, entities other than regulated financial institutions. The IASB observed that entities manage financial instruments and credit risk in different ways, with different levels of sophistication and by using different information. If the IASB were to propose a precise definition of significant increases in credit risk, for example, a change of 5 per cent in the probability of default, then an entity would need to calculate a probability of default measure to make the assessment. Thus, the costs of assessing changes in credit risk would increase.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6261" base="F33209328">the measure for the risk of a default occurring (ie probability of default) selected would be arbitrary and it would be difficult to properly reflect the structure and pricing of credit that an entity should consider for different types of financial instruments, maturities and initial credit risk. Selecting a single measure could not properly reflect the assessment of credit across entities, products and geographical regions. Because of the arbitrariness of defining the extent of increases in credit risk, the IASB questioned the perceived comparability that would result.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>