<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="IFRS2020-5" principles="no" id="IFRS09_BC6.620"><paranum>BC6.620</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC6.620"/></prolog><body><p outputclass="keep_with_next">The IASB considered these approaches described by respondents:</p><ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p><i>close-out and replace on the same terms (ie off-market terms)</i>&#x2014;An entity applying this approach would enter into two new derivatives with the same counterparty. These two would be, a new derivative that is equal and offsetting to the original derivative (so both contracts are based on the interest rate benchmark to be replaced), and a new alternative benchmark-based derivative with the same terms as the original derivative so its fair value at initial recognition is equivalent to the fair value&#x2014;on that date&#x2014;of the original derivative (ie the new derivative is off-market). Under this approach, the counterparty to the new derivatives is the same as to the original derivative, the original derivative has not been derecognised and the terms of the alternative benchmark rate derivative are not substantially different from that of the original derivative. The IASB therefore concluded that such an approach could be regarded as consistent with the changes required by the reform as required in <xref href="IFRS09_6.9.1.dita" scope="local">paragraph 6.9.1 of IFRS 9</xref>.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p><i>close-out and replace on substantially different terms (eg on-market terms)</i>&#x2014;An entity applying this approach would terminate (close-out) the existing interest rate benchmark-based derivative with a cash settlement. The entity then enters into a new on-market alternative benchmark rate derivative with substantially different terms, so that the new derivative has a fair value of zero at initial recognition. Some respondents to the 2020 Exposure Draft were of the view that since this approach does not result in any gain or loss recognised in profit or loss, it suggests the exchange was done on an economically equivalent basis. The IASB disagreed with this view because the original derivative is extinguished and replaced with an alternative benchmark rate derivative with substantially different contractual terms. Therefore, this approach is not considered consistent with the changes required by the reform as required in paragraph 6.9.1 of IFRS 9.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p><i>add a new basis swap</i>&#x2014;An entity applying this approach would retain the original interest rate benchmark-based derivative but enter into a basis swap that swaps the existing interest rate benchmark for the alternative benchmark rate. The combination of the two derivatives is equivalent to modifying the contractual terms of the original derivative to replace the interest rate benchmark with an alternative benchmark rate. The IASB noted that, in principle, the combination of an interest rate benchmark-based derivative and an interest rate benchmark-alternative benchmark rate swap could achieve an outcome economically equivalent to amending the original interest rate benchmark-based derivative. However, the IASB observed that, in practice, basis swaps are generally entered into on an aggregated basis to economically hedge an entity&#x2019;s net exposure to basis risk, rather than on an individual derivative basis. The IASB, therefore, noted that for this approach to be consistent with the changes required by the reform as described in paragraph 6.9.1 of IFRS 9, the basis swap must be coupled or linked with the original derivative, ie done on an individual derivative basis. This is because a change to the basis for determining the contractual cash flows of a hedging instrument is made to an individual instrument and, to achieve the same outcome, the basis swap would need to be coupled with an individual derivative.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p><i>novating to a new counterparty</i>&#x2014;An entity applying this approach would novate the original interest rate benchmark-based derivative to a new counterparty and subsequently change the contractual cash flows on the novated derivative to replace the interest rate benchmark with an alternative benchmark rate. The IASB noted that novation of a derivative would result in the derecognition of the original derivative and thus would require hedge accounting to be discontinued in accordance with <xref href="IFRS09_6.5.6.dita" scope="local">paragraph 6.5.6 of IFRS 9</xref> (see further <xref href="IFRS09_BC6.336.dita" scope="local">paragraphs BC6.336&#x2013;BC6.338</xref>). Therefore, this approach is not consistent with the changes required by the reform as set out in paragraph 6.9.1 of IFRS 9.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>