<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS09_BC6.287" base="F33207278"><paranum>BC6.287</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC6.287"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P6754">When redeliberating its 2010 Hedge Accounting Exposure Draft the IASB considered feedback that disagreed with this proposal. The main reasons cited for disagreement were:</p><ol id="IFRS09_L0335" base="F33207282" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6755" base="F33207283">cash flow hedges and fair value hedges are different concepts. Unlike fair value hedges, cash flow hedges are not based on a valuation concept and therefore do not give rise to hedge ineffectiveness from differences in value changes between the hedging instrument and the hedged item as long as their variable cash flows match. However, some conceded that credit risk was a source of hedge ineffectiveness even if all variable cash flows were perfectly matched.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6756" base="F33207285">the new hedge accounting model has the objective of aligning hedge accounting more closely with risk management. Risk management has a &#x2018;flow perspective&#x2019; that considers cash flow hedges as (fully) effective if the variable cash flows of the actual derivative match those of the hedged item (ie if the entity uses a &#x2018;perfect derivative&#x2019; to hedge the risk exposure).</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6757" base="F33207297">the accounting treatment for the effect of a foreign currency basis spread is inconsistent with that for the time value of options and the forward element of forward contracts, ie the notion of &#x2018;costs of hedging&#x2019; that the new hedge accounting model introduces. The foreign currency basis spread is also a cost of hedging and should be treated consistently with the other types of costs of hedging.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>