<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS09_BC6.250" base="F33207146"><paranum>BC6.250</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC6.250"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P6704">The IASB noted that the only situation open to abuse is if the entity purposefully (for risk management purposes) used a hedge ratio that would be considered &#x2018;inappropriately loose&#x2019; from an accounting perspective, for example:</p><ol id="IFRS09_L0332" base="F33207177" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6705" base="F33207178">if an entity uses an excess quantity of the hedging instrument it would have more costs and risks because of having more hedging instruments than needed to mitigate the risks resulting from the hedged items. However, from an accounting perspective, this would not lead to any advantage because it would create fair value changes for the hedging instrument that affect profit or loss for both fair value hedges and cash flow hedges. The result of an entity using an excess quantity of the hedging instrument would therefore solely be the presentation of fair value changes within profit or loss as hedge ineffectiveness instead of other or trading gains or losses. This would increase the hedge ineffectiveness in an entity&#x2019;s financial statements while having no impact on overall profit or loss.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6706" base="F33207180">if an entity uses a quantity of the hedging instrument that is too small it would leave, economically, a gap in its hedging. From an accounting perspective, this might create an advantage for fair value hedges if an entity wanted to achieve fair value hedge adjustments on a greater quantity of &#x2018;hedged items&#x2019; than it would achieve when using an appropriate hedge ratio. In addition, for cash flow hedges, an entity could abuse the lower of test because the hedge ineffectiveness arising from the larger change in fair value on the hedged item compared to that on the hedging instrument would not be recognised. Consequently, even though using a &#x2018;deficit&#x2019; quantity of the hedging instrument would not be economically advantageous, from an accounting perspective it might have the desired outcome for an entity.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>