<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F33204759" id="IFRS09_BCE.9"><paranum>BCE.9</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BCE.9"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P7336">Overall, the IASB&#x2019;s assessment is that the classification and measurement requirements in IFRS 9 will bring significant and sustained improvements to the reporting of financial instruments because they:</p><ol base="F33204781" id="IFRS09_L0398" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F33204782" id="IFRS09_P7337">introduce a logical and clear rationale for the classification and measurement of financial assets. It is a principle-based approach, in contrast to the complex rules in <xref base="F71918527" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" id="IFRS09_X3263">IAS 39</xref>, which often result in financial assets being measured on the basis of free choice.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F33204784" id="IFRS09_P7338">eliminate the complex requirements for bifurcating hybrid financial assets because financial assets will be classified in their entirety.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F33204786" id="IFRS09_P7339">require reclassification between measurement categories when, and only when, the entity&#x2019;s business model for managing them changes. This eliminates the complex rules for reclassification in IAS 39 and ensures that users of financial statements are always provided with information that reflects how the cash flows on financial assets are expected to be realised.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p base="F33204788" id="IFRS09_P7340">accommodate known business models with objectives to hold financial assets to collect contractual cash flows or that result in both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p base="F33204790" id="IFRS09_P7341">respond to the long-standing concerns about the volatility that occurs in profit or loss due to changes in own credit risk when an entity elects to measure non-derivative financial liabilities at fair value. But otherwise the existing accounting for financial liabilities has been retained because it has worked well in practice.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>