<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="IFRS2020-5" id="IFRS09_BC6.625" principles="no"><paranum>BC6.625</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC6.625"/></prolog><body><p>	When deliberating the Phase 2 amendments, the IASB considered that changes in the fair value of the hedged item or hedging instrument could arise when the formal designation of a hedging relationship is amended. The IASB considered whether to provide an exception from the requirement to include in hedge ineffectiveness such fair value changes when they arise. The IASB considered, but rejected, these approaches:</p><ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p><i>recognising the measurement adjustment in profit or loss over time</i>&#x2014;An entity applying this approach would recognise the measurement adjustment in profit or loss over time (ie amortised) as the hedged item affects profit or loss. The IASB rejected this approach because it would require an offsetting entry to be recognised either in the statement of financial position or as an adjustment to the carrying amount of the hedged item or hedging instrument. Such an offsetting entry would fail to meet the definition of an asset or a liability in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>. Adjusting the carrying amount of the hedged item or hedging instrument would result in the recognition of a net measurement adjustment of zero and would be inconsistent with the IASB&#x2019;s decision that no exceptions would be made to the measurement of hedged items or hedging instruments. The IASB also noted that such an approach would likely result in increased operational complexity because an entity would need to track adjustments that occur at different times for the purpose of amortising the adjustments in the period(s) in which the hedged item affects profit or loss.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p><i>recognising the measurement adjustment as an adjustment to retained earnings</i>&#x2014;An entity applying this approach would recognise the measurement adjustment as an adjustment to retained earnings during the period in which the measurement difference arises. However, the IASB rejected this approach because the changes to the hedged risk might be driven by amendments to hedging relationships that may occur in different reporting periods. Therefore, recognising adjustments to retained earnings over time would be inconsistent with the IASB&#x2019;s previous decisions (throughout IFRS Standards) that an adjustment to retained earnings only applies on transition to new requirements in IFRS Standards. Furthermore, the IASB noted that the measurement adjustment would meet the definition of income or expense in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> and therefore should be recognised in the statement of profit or loss. The IASB also noted that recognising measurement adjustments directly in retained earnings would be inconsistent with the decision that no exceptions should be made to the measurement of hedged items or hedging instruments.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>