<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F33207431" id="IFRS09_BC6.353"><paranum>BC6.353</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC6.353"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P6837">In its deliberations leading to the 2010 Hedge Accounting Exposure Draft, the IASB considered reducing the complexity of hedge accounting by replacing the fair value hedge accounting mechanics with the cash flow hedge accounting mechanics. Such an approach would recognise gains or losses on the hedging instruments outside profit or loss in other comprehensive income instead of requiring the hedged item to be remeasured. The IASB considered such an approach because it would:</p><ol base="F33207440" id="IFRS09_L0341" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F33207441" id="IFRS09_P6838">improve the usefulness of the reported information for users of financial statements. In accordance with such an approach, all hedging activities to which hedge accounting is applied (including hedges of fair value risk) would be reflected in other comprehensive income, resulting in greater transparency and comparability. In addition, the measurement of the hedged item would not be affected.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F33207443" id="IFRS09_P6839">simplify existing requirements. Although fair value and cash flow hedge accounting are designed to address different exposures, the same mechanisms can be used to reflect how an entity manages these exposures in the financial statements. Eliminating one of two different methods (fair value hedge accounting or cash flow hedge accounting) would reduce complexity. Such an approach would align fair value hedge accounting and cash flow hedge accounting, resulting in a single method for hedge accounting.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F33207445" id="IFRS09_P6840">be an expeditious approach to finalise this phase of the project to replace <xref base="F71871769" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" id="IFRS09_X3018">IAS 39</xref>. Such an approach would draw on the existing mechanics of cash flow hedge accounting in IAS 39 and, consequently, such an approach would not require much further development.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>