<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F33205198" id="IFRS09_BCE.82"><paranum>BCE.82</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BCE.82"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P7444">However, the IASB does not expect preparers to incur significant incremental costs on an ongoing basis in comparison to applying <xref base="F71918763" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" id="IFRS09_X3304">IAS 39</xref>. The IASB notes the following initial and ongoing costs and factors that mitigate the ongoing costs of applying IFRS 9 in comparison to IAS 39:</p><ol base="F33205200" id="IFRS09_L0407" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F33205201" id="IFRS09_P7445">the need to assess the business model. The entity&#x2019;s business model is determined on a more aggregated basis than an individual financial instrument level that was the basis for classification under IAS 39. An entity&#x2019;s business model is a matter of fact that can be observed by the way in which an entity is managed and information is provided to its management. The assessment is based on, for example, business plans and internal reporting, which should be available. Thus, the reporting is in a manner consistent with the entity&#x2019;s actual business model and entities need not maintain dual reporting models for internal and external reporting.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F33205203" id="IFRS09_P7446">the need to assess the contractual cash flows of a financial asset. However:</p> <ol base="F33205205" id="IFRS09_L0408" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p base="F33205206" id="IFRS09_P7447">the contractual cash flows need not be analysed in all business models. They only need to be analysed to assess cash flows for the held to collect and the held to collect or sell business models.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p base="F33205208" id="IFRS09_P7448">financial assets with more complex cash flows are expected to already have an analysis in place to assess the need to bifurcate and to measure the fair value of the asset in its entirety (under the fair value option) or in part in accordance with IAS 39; and</p></li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value> <p base="F33205210" id="IFRS09_P7449">in other cases an entity is expected to already analyse contractual cash flows in order to determine the fair value for disclosure purposes in accordance with <xref base="F71918765" href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001/IFRS07_TOC0001_V2" id="IFRS09_X3305">IFRS 7</xref>, particularly for assets below Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.</p></li></ol></li></ol></body></paragraph>