<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F33206315" id="IFRS09_BC7.76"><paranum>BC7.76</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC7.76"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P7309">During the deliberations that resulted in the publication of the 2013 Impairment Exposure Draft, the IASB considered and rejected the following alternatives:</p><ol base="F33206317" id="IFRS09_L0396" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F33206318" id="IFRS09_P7310">grandfathering existing requirements&#x2014;one approach to transition that would have addressed both of the issues set out in <xref base="F71918415" href="IFRS09_BC7.75.dita#IFRS09_BC7.75" id="IFRS09_X3251">paragraph BC7.75</xref> would have been for the IASB to &#x2018;grandfather&#x2019; the existing impairment requirements for existing financial instruments at the date of initial application. That is, entities would continue to apply the <xref base="F71918416" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" id="IFRS09_X3252">IAS 39</xref> impairment requirements to all financial instruments that exist on transition to the proposed requirements. This would have been a form of prospective application of the proposed requirements. This grandfathering approach would have removed the need to measure expected credit losses for periods prior to the application of the proposed requirements, and would also have eliminated the problem of applying the proposed requirements to financial instruments for which information about the credit risk at initial recognition is not available or would have been very burdensome to obtain on transition to the proposed requirements. It would also have allowed the IASB to specify an earlier mandatory effective date than would otherwise be possible if full retrospective application was required (ie retrospective application that also includes a restatement of comparative periods). Although those who are concerned about the potentially significant effect on equity when making the transition to the new model (which may have regulatory consequences for some) may view this approach positively, it would delay the improvements to accounting for expected credit losses and would reduce comparability. In addition, entities would need to prepare information in accordance with both the IAS 39 impairment model and the new impairment model until they derecognised all grandfathered financial instruments, which would be burdensome, at least for some entities. For these reasons, the IASB rejected the grandfathering approach to transition.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F33206320" id="IFRS09_P7311">resetting the credit risk at initial recognition of the financial instrument so that it reflects the credit risk at the date that the proposed model is initially applied&#x2014;this would have been the least burdensome of the three alternatives to apply, because entities would ignore credit history for all financial instruments. An entity would consider deteriorations or improvements in credit risk from the date of initial application of the proposed model, instead of relative to the credit risk at initial recognition. The IASB rejected this approach because it would have ignored changes in credit risk that had occurred since initial recognition and would not have faithfully represented expected credit losses.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F33206322" id="IFRS09_P7312">recognising a loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit losses on transition until derecognition for financial instruments for which an entity does not use initial credit risk information&#x2014;this alternative would have been relatively simple to apply because there would have been no requirement for an entity to analyse changes in credit risk either at transition or over the life of the relevant instruments. However, this alternative is inconsistent with the objective of the overall model, which is designed to reflect changes in credit risk. This approach would also have resulted in an entity recognising lifetime expected credit losses for financial instruments whose credit risk is actually better than that on initial recognition.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>