<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS09_BC5.264" base="F33209548"><paranum>BC5.264</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC5.264"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P6394">In the IASB&#x2019;s view, an expected value measurement is the most relevant measurement basis because it provides information about the timing, amounts and uncertainty of an entity&#x2019;s future cash flows. This is because an expected value measurement would:</p><ol id="IFRS09_L0297" base="F33209550" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6395" base="F33209551">include consideration of expected credit losses using all the available evidence, including forward&#x2011;looking information. Thus, an entity will be required to consider multiple scenarios and possible outcomes and their probability of occurrence.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6396" base="F33209555">reflect that the pricing of financial instruments includes the consideration of expected credit losses. Although entities might not attribute specific credit loss estimates to individual financial instruments, and although competitive pressures might influence pricing, entities still consider credit loss expectations for the credit risk of similar obligors when pricing loans on origination and purchase.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6397" base="F33209557">not revert (at any time) to an incurred credit loss model&#x2014;all financial instruments have risk of a default occurring and the measurement will therefore reflect that risk of default and not the most likely outcome.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6398" base="F33209559">have the same objective regardless of whether an entity performs the measurement at an individual or a portfolio level. Consequently, there is no need to specify specific conditions or criteria for grouping financial instruments for the purposes of measurement.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6399" base="F33209561">provide useful information to users of financial statements (ie information about the risk that the investment might not perform).</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>