<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="IFRS2020-5" id="IFRS09_BC5.319" principles="no"><paranum>BC5.319</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC5.319"/></prolog><body><p>	In anticipation of the potential financial reporting implications of changes to financial instruments as a result of the reform, including the potential derecognition of existing financial instruments and the recognition of new financial instruments, some stakeholders asked the IASB to consider additional matters related to applying the classification and measurement requirements in IFRS 9 to financial assets and financial liabilities. These matters included:</p><ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p>	whether IFRS 9 provides an adequate basis to account for the derecognition of a financial instrument in the statement of financial position and the recognition of any resulting gain or loss in the statement of profit or loss when an entity determines that it is required to derecognise a financial asset or financial liability because of the reform.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p>	determining whether derecognition of a financial asset following changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows resulting from the reform affects an entity&#x2019;s business model for managing its financial assets.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p>	assessing the contractual cash flow characteristics of a financial asset that refers to an alternative benchmark rate. Specifically, assessing whether some alternative benchmark rates are consistent with the description of &#x2018;interest&#x2019; in <xref href="IFRS09_4.1.3.dita">paragraph 4.1.3(b) of IFRS 9</xref> including if the time value of money element of that rate is modified (ie imperfect).</p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p>	assessing the effect on expected credit losses of derecognising an existing financial asset and recognising a new financial asset as a result of the reform.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p>determining potential effects on the accounting for embedded derivatives in the context of the reform. Specifically, following the transition to alternative benchmark rates, whether entities reassess whether an embedded derivative is required to be separated from the host contract.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>         <p>	determining whether the practical expedient in <xref href="IFRS09_5.4.7.dita">paragraph 5.4.7 of IFRS 9</xref> applies to a hybrid financial liability that has been separated into a host contract (measured at amortised cost) and an embedded derivative (measured at fair value through profit or loss). Specifically, determining whether the practical expedient applies when the interest rate benchmark is not a contractual term of the host contract but instead is imputed at initial recognition.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>