<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS09_BC6.450" base="F33208022"><paranum>BC6.450</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC6.450"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P7011" outputclass="keep_with_next">The IASB noted that the feedback on its proposals       in the 2010 Hedge Accounting Exposure Draft reflected two different perspectives:</p><ol id="IFRS09_L0365" base="F33208024" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P7012" base="F33208025">a treasury perspective&#x2014;this is a cash flow perspective. The respondents who provided comments from this perspective typically look at cash inflows and cash outflows arising from both sides of the net position. The treasury view stops at the level of the cash flows and does not take into account the time lag that might exist between the cash flow and the recognition of related income or expense in profit or loss. From this perspective, once the first forecast transaction is recognised, the natural hedge lapses and the remainder of the net position will be hedged by entering into an additional derivative (or alternatively by using, for example, the foreign currency denominated cash instrument that arises as a result of the occurrence of the first forecast transaction). Subsequently (ie at the time of settlement of the second forecast transaction), the cash flows from the financial instrument being used as a hedging instrument will be used to settle the payments resulting from the forecast transaction.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P7013" base="F33208037">an accounting perspective&#x2014;this perspective focuses on how to present the effect of the two forecast transactions in profit or loss and in which accounting period. This goes beyond the cash flow view of the treasury perspective. This is because the way in which the item affects profit or loss can be different, while the cash flow is a point-in-time event. For example, while the purchase of services and the sales of goods can be designated as part of a net position in a way that they will affect profit or loss in one reporting period, purchases of property, plant and equipment affect profit or loss over several different reporting periods through the depreciation pattern. Similarly, if inventory is sold in the period after it was purchased, the cash flow and the related effect on profit or loss occur in different periods.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>