<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS09_BC6.354" base="F33207432"><paranum>BC6.354</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC6.354"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P6841">However, during its outreach activities conducted before publishing the 2010 Hedge Accounting Exposure Draft, the IASB received mixed views on this approach. Some supported the approach for the reasons that the IASB had considered, which was consistent with the feedback received on the Discussion Paper <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Reducing Complexity in Reporting Financial Instruments</ph></ph>. However, others raised concerns that such an approach:</p><ol id="IFRS09_L0342" base="F33207448" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6842" base="F33207449">would not reflect the underlying economics. They argued that if an entity applies a fair value hedge, the hedged item exists and hence there is an actual gain or loss on the hedged item (not just an anticipated gain or loss on a forecast transaction that does not yet exist). Consequently, hedge accounting should not cause &#x2018;artificial&#x2019; volatility in other comprehensive income and equity.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6843" base="F33207451">would make the movements in other comprehensive income less understandable.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6844" base="F33207453">would make it difficult to identify the type of risk management strategy that the entity employs.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P6845" base="F33207455">could result in scenarios in which equity would be significantly reduced or even negative because of losses on the hedging instrument deferred in other comprehensive income. This could have serious implications in terms of solvency and regulatory requirements.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>