<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS09_BC4.177" base="F33206354"><paranum>BC4.177</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC4.177"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P5885">In its redeliberations, the IASB acknowledged respondents&#x2019; questions and concerns and, as a result, decided to clarify the following items:</p><ol id="IFRS09_L0258" base="F33206377" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5886" base="F33206378">The objective of the time value of money element is to provide consideration for <i>only</i> the passage of time, in the absence of a return for other risks (such as credit risk or liquidity risk) or costs associated with holding the financial asset. In assessing the time value of money element, the entity must consider the currency in which the financial asset is denominated, because interest rates vary by currency. In addition, as a general proposition, there must be a link between the interest rate and the period for which the interest rate is set, because the appropriate rate for an instrument varies depending on the term for which the rate is set.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5887" base="F33206381">However, in some circumstances, the time value of money element could provide consideration for only the passage of time even if that element is modified by, for example, an interest rate tenor mismatch feature or a feature that sets the interest rate by reference to an average of particular short and long&#x2011;term interest rates. In these cases, an entity must assess whether the time value of money element provides consideration for only the passage of time by performing either a quantitative or qualitative assessment. The objective of that assessment is to establish (on an undiscounted basis) how different the financial asset&#x2019;s contractual cash flows (ie taking into account all of the contractual cash flows) could be from the cash flows that would arise if the time value of money element were perfect (ie if there were a perfect link between the interest rate and the period for which that rate is set). The IASB decided not to prescribe when an entity must perform a quantitative versus a qualitative assessment.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5888" base="F33206383">If the modified time value of money element could result in cash flows that are significantly different on an undiscounted basis from the &#x2018;perfect&#x2019; cash flows (described as benchmark cash flows), either in a single reporting period or cumulatively over the life of the financial instrument, the financial asset does not have contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest. The IASB was persuaded by respondents&#x2019; feedback that the &#x2018;not more than insignificantly different&#x2019; threshold in the 2012 Limited Amendments Exposure Draft was unduly restrictive and, as a result, particular financial assets would be measured at fair value through profit or loss even though the objective of the modified time value of money element was in fact to provide consideration for only the passage of time. However, the IASB noted that the objective of a modified time value of money element is not to provide consideration for just the passage of time, and thus the contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest, if the contractual cash flows could be significantly different from the benchmark cash flows.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>