<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F33204882" id="IFRS09_BC4.44"><paranum>BC4.44</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC4.44"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P5639">The IASB also considered and rejected the following approaches to classification:</p><ol base="F33204884" id="IFRS09_L0232" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F33204885" id="IFRS09_P5640"><i>Classification based on the definition of held for trading:</i> A few respondents suggested that all financial assets and financial liabilities that are not &#x2018;held for trading&#x2019; should be eligible for measurement at amortised cost. However, in the IASB&#x2019;s view, the notion of &#x2018;held for trading&#x2019; is too narrow and cannot appropriately reflect all situations in which amortised cost does not provide useful information.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F33204888" id="IFRS09_P5641"><i>Three-category approach:</i> Some respondents suggested retaining a three-category approach, ie including a third category similar to the available-for-sale category in <xref base="F71849764" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" id="IFRS09_X2331">IAS 39</xref>. However, in the IASB&#x2019;s view, such an approach would neither significantly improve nor reduce the complexity of the reporting for financial instruments.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="F33204891" id="IFRS09_P5642"><i>Classification based only on the business model:</i> A small number of respondents thought the contractual terms of the instrument condition was unnecessary and that classification should depend solely on the entity&#x2019;s business model for managing financial instruments. However, in the IASB&#x2019;s view, determining classification solely on the basis of how an entity manages its financial instruments would result in misleading information that is not useful to a user                                 in understanding the risks associated with complex or risky instruments. The IASB concluded, as had almost all respondents, that the contractual cash flow characteristics condition is required to ensure that amortised cost is used only when it provides information that is useful in predicting the entity&#x2019;s future cash flows.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="F33204894" id="IFRS09_P5643"><i>Amortised cost as the default option:</i> The IASB considered developing conditions that specified when a financial asset must be measured at fair value, with the requirement that all other financial instruments would be measured at amortised cost. The IASB rejected that approach because it believes that new conditions would have to be developed in the future to address innovative financial products. In addition, the IASB noted that such an approach would not be practical because an entity can apply amortised cost only to some types of financial instruments.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p base="F33204898" id="IFRS09_P5644"><i>Originated loan approach:</i> In developing an approach to distinguish between financial assets measured at fair value and amortised cost the IASB considered a model in which only loans originated by the entity would qualify for amortised cost measurement. The IASB acknowledged that for originated instruments the entity potentially has better information about the future contractual cash flows and credit risk than for purchased loans. However, the IASB decided not to pursue that approach, mainly because some entities manage originated and purchased loans in the same portfolio. Distinguishing between originated and purchased loans, which would be done mainly for accounting purposes, would involve systems changes. In addition, the IASB noted that &#x2018;originated loans&#x2019; might easily be created by placing purchased loans into an investment vehicle. The IASB also noted that the definition of loans and receivables in IAS 39 had created application problems in practice.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>