<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F33204917" id="IFRS09_BC4.47"><paranum>BC4.47</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC4.47"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P5649">During the outreach programme, the IASB explored several approaches for classification and subsequent measurement of financial liabilities that would exclude the effects of changes in a liability&#x2019;s credit risk from profit or loss, including:</p><ol base="F33204919" id="IFRS09_L0233" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F33204920" id="IFRS09_P5650">measuring liabilities at fair value and presenting in other comprehensive income the portion of the change in fair value that is attributable to changes in the liability&#x2019;s credit risk. A variant of this alternative would be to present in other comprehensive income the entire change in fair value.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F33204922" id="IFRS09_P5651">measuring liabilities at an &#x2018;adjusted&#x2019; fair value whereby the liability would be remeasured for all changes in fair value except for the effects of changes in its credit risk (ie &#x2018;the frozen credit spread method&#x2019;). In other words, the effects of changes in its credit risk would be ignored in the primary financial statements.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F33204924" id="IFRS09_P5652">measuring liabilities at amortised cost. This would require estimating the cash flows over the life of the instrument, including those cash flows associated with any embedded derivative features.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p base="F33204926" id="IFRS09_P5653">bifurcating liabilities into hosts and embedded features. The host contract would be measured at amortised cost and the embedded features (eg embedded derivatives) would be measured at fair value through profit or loss. The IASB discussed either carrying forward the bifurcation requirements in <xref base="F71849801" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" id="IFRS09_X2344">IAS 39</xref> for financial liabilities or developing new requirements.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>