<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS09_BC4.35" base="F33204775"><paranum>BC4.35</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC4.35"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P5615">To apply this approach, the IASB decided that an entity should:</p><ol id="IFRS09_L0227" base="F33204777" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5616" base="F33204778">determine whether the contractual terms of the issued instrument (the financial asset being classified) give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. The IASB concluded that the issued instrument must have contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. </p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5617" base="F33204800">look through to the underlying pool of instruments until it can identify the instruments that are creating (instead of simply passing through) the cash flows. </p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5618" base="F33204802">determine whether one or more of the instruments in the underlying pool has contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. The IASB concluded that the underlying pool must contain one or more instruments that have contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. </p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5619" base="F33204804">assess whether any other instruments in the underlying pool only:</p> <ol id="IFRS09_L0228" base="F33204806" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5620" base="F33204807">reduce the cash flow variability of the underlying pool of instruments in a way that is consistent with representing solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, or</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5621" base="F33204809">align the cash flows of the issued financial assets with the underlying pool of financial instruments.</p> <p id="IFRS09_P5622" base="F33204820">The IASB concluded that the existence of such instruments does not preclude the cash flows from representing solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.  The IASB determined that the existence of other instruments in the pool would, however, preclude the cash flows representing solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. For example, an underlying pool that contains government bonds and an instrument that swaps government credit risk for (riskier) corporate credit risk would not have cash flows that represent solely principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. </p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5623" base="F33204822">measure at fair value any issued instrument in which any of the financial instruments in the underlying pool:</p> <ol id="IFRS09_L0229" base="F33204824" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5624" base="F33204825">have cash flows that do not represent solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding; or</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5625" base="F33204827">could change so that cash flows may not represent solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding at any point in the future. </p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5626" base="F33204829">measure at fair value any issued instrument whose exposure to credit risk in the underlying pool of financial instruments is greater than the exposure to credit risk of the underlying pool of financial instruments. The IASB decided that if the range of expected losses on the issued instrument is greater than the weighted average range of expected losses on the underlying pool of financial instruments, then the issued instrument should be measured at fair value. </p></li></ol></body></paragraph>