<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F33208431" id="IFRS09_BC6.545"><paranum>BC6.545</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC6.545"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P7144">In response to feedback received on the 2010 Hedge Accounting Exposure Draft, the IASB also decided to align the accounting for the discontinuation of fair value through profit or loss accounting for loan commitments with that for loans (ie use amortisation unless a higher liability is required by <xref base="F71882650" href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" id="IFRS09_X3112">IAS 37</xref>, instead of simply reverting to that Standard as contemplated during the IASB&#x2019;s initial deliberations&#x2014;see <xref base="F71882683" href="IFRS09_BC6.479.dita#IFRS09_BC6.479" id="IFRS09_X3113">paragraphs BC6.479</xref> and <xref base="F71882684" href="IFRS09_BC6.482.dita#IFRS09_BC6.482" id="IFRS09_X3114">BC6.482</xref>). The IASB&#x2019;s reasons for also using an amortisation approach for loan commitments were that:</p><ol base="F33208467" id="IFRS09_L0378" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F33208468" id="IFRS09_P7145">it would prevent an immediate gain from the derecognition of the loan commitment under <xref base="F71882651" href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" id="IFRS09_X3115">IAS 37</xref> if the probable threshold is not met when discontinuing fair value through profit or loss accounting. This would reduce concerns about earnings management.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F33208470" id="IFRS09_P7146">the amortisation of the carrying amount when discontinuing fair value through profit or loss accounting would use the effective interest method. This would require the entity to assume that a loan had been drawn under the loan commitment in order to determine an amortisation profile. The rationale for this alternative is that a credit loss only results from a loan commitment if that loan commitment gets drawn and the resulting loan is not repaid. Hence, an amortisation on an &#x2018;as if drawn&#x2019; basis would be appropriate for the amortisation of the carrying amount.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F33208472" id="IFRS09_P7147">this accounting also provides operational relief for loan commitments that allow repayments and redraws (for example, a revolving facility). It would avoid the need to capitalise any remaining carrying amount into individual drawings to ensure its amortisation, which would be operationally complex.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>