<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS09_BC4.32" base="F33204737"><paranum>BC4.32</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC4.32"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P5608">Respondents proposed other approaches in which an investor &#x2018;looks through&#x2019; to the underlying pool of instruments of a waterfall structure and measures the instruments at fair value if looking through is not possible. They made the following points:</p><ol id="IFRS09_L0226" base="F33204760" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5609" base="F33204761"><i>Practicability</i>: The securitisation transactions intended to be addressed were generally over-the-counter transactions in which the parties involved had sufficient information about the assets to perform an analysis of the underlying pool of instruments.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5610" base="F33204764"><i>Complexity</i>: Complex accounting judgement was appropriate to reflect the complex economic characteristics of the instrument. In particular, in order to obtain an understanding of the effects of the contractual terms and conditions, an investor would have to understand the underlying pool of instruments. Also, requiring fair value measurement if it were not practicable to look through to the underlying pool of instruments would allow an entity to avoid such complexity.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5611" base="F33204768"><i>Mechanics</i>: Amortised cost measurement should be available only if all of the instruments in the underlying pool of instruments had contractual cash flows that represented payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Some also suggested that instruments that change the cash flow variability of the underlying pool of instruments in a way that is consistent with representing solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, or aligned currency/interest rates with the issued notes, should not preclude amortised cost measurement.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5612" base="F33204771"><i>Relative exposure to credit risk</i>: Many favoured use of a probability-weighted approach to assess whether an instrument has a lower or higher exposure to credit risk than the average credit risk of the underlying pool of instruments.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>