<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F33205369" id="IFRS09_BC4.89"><paranum>BC4.89</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC4.89"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P5741" outputclass="keep_with_next">However, the IASB confirmed the proposals in       the 2009 Classification and Measurement Exposure Draft for the following reasons:</p><ol base="F33205371" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS09_L0245"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F33205372" id="IFRS09_P5742">The elimination of the embedded derivatives guidance for hybrid contracts with financial hosts reduces the complexity in financial reporting of financial assets by eliminating another classification approach and improves the reporting for financial instruments. Many constituents agreed with this conclusion.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F33205374" id="IFRS09_P5743">In the IASB view, the underlying rationale for separate accounting for embedded derivatives is not to reflect risk management activities, but to avoid entities circumventing the recognition and measurement requirements for derivatives. Accordingly it is an exception to the definition of the unit of account (the contract) motivated by a wish to avoid abuse. It would reduce complexity to eliminate an anti-abuse exception.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="F33205376" id="IFRS09_P5744">The IASB noted the concerns about structuring opportunities referred to in <xref base="F71922970" href="IFRS09_BC4.88.dita#IFRS09_BC4.88" id="IFRS09_X2422">paragraph BC4.88(b)</xref>. However, two contracts represent two units of account. Reconsideration of the unit of account forms part of a far broader issue for financial reporting that is outside the scope of the IASB&#x2019;s considerations in IFRS 9. In addition, embedded derivative features often do not have contractual cash flows that represent payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding and thus the entire hybrid contract would not be eligible to be measured at amortised cost. However, the IASB noted that this would provide more relevant                                 information because the embedded derivative feature affects the cash flows ultimately arising from the hybrid contract. Thus, applying the classification approach to the hybrid contract in its entirety would depict more faithfully the amount, timing and uncertainty of future cash flows.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="F33205378" id="IFRS09_P5745">In the IASB&#x2019;s view, accounting for the hybrid contract as one unit of account is consistent with the project&#x2019;s objective&#x2014;to improve the usefulness for users                                 in their assessment of the timing, amount and uncertainty of future cash flows of financial instruments and to reduce the complexity in reporting financial instruments.</p>       </li></ol><p base="F33205379" id="IFRS09_P5746">This decision applies only to hybrid contracts with a host that is an asset within the scope of IFRS 9.            </p></body></paragraph>