<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F33206119" id="IFRS09_BC4.153"><paranum>BC4.153</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC4.153"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P5855">However, the IASB noted in the 2012 Limited Amendments Exposure Draft that some of the reasons for prohibiting recycling of those gains or losses do not apply to financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. Specifically:</p><ol base="F33206121" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS09_L0257"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F33206122" id="IFRS09_P5856"><i>investments in equity instruments:</i> <xref base="F71922977" href="IFRS09_BC5.25.dita#IFRS09_BC5.25" id="IFRS09_X2494">paragraph BC5.25(b)</xref> discusses the reasons why these gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are not recycled. One of the primary reasons is that recycling would create the need to assess these equity investments for impairment. The impairment requirements in <xref base="F71850524" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" id="IFRS09_X2495">IAS 39</xref> for investments in equity instruments were very subjective and indeed were among the most criticised accounting requirements during the global financial crisis. In contrast, IFRS 9 does not contain impairment requirements for investments in equity instruments. For financial assets mandatorily measured in accordance with the new fair value through other comprehensive income category, the IASB proposed that the same impairment approach would apply to those financial assets as is applied to financial assets measured at amortised cost. While recycling is prohibited, the IASB observed that an entity is not prohibited from presenting information in the financial statements about realised gains or losses on investments in equity instruments; for example, as a separate line item in other comprehensive income.                    </p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F33206146" id="IFRS09_P5857"><i>financial liabilities designated under the fair value option:</i> <xref base="F71850525" href="IFRS09_gBC5.52-BC5.57.dita#IFRS09_gBC5.52-BC5.57/IFRS09_gBC5.52-BC5.57_TI" id="IFRS09_X2497">paragraphs BC5.52&#x2013;BC5.57</xref> discuss the reasons why these own credit gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are not recycled. One of the primary reasons is that if the entity repays the contractual amount, which will often be the case for these financial liabilities, the cumulative effect of changes in the liability&#x2019;s credit risk over its life will net to zero because the liability&#x2019;s fair value will ultimately equal the contractual amount due. In contrast, for financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, selling financial assets is integral to achieving the objective of the business model and therefore the gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive income will not net to zero.                    </p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>