<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS09_BC4.159"><paranum>BC4.159</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC4.159"/></prolog><body><variant id="IFRS09_BC4.159_V2" base="F58849529"> <p id="IFRS09_P5864">The IASB also discussed during its redeliberations whether the fair value through other comprehensive income measurement category should be optional&#x2014;either in addition to, or instead of, a mandatory measurement category. However, the IASB believes that such an option would be inconsistent with, and indeed would undermine, its decision to classify financial assets as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income on the basis of their contractual cash flows and the business model within which they are held. Indeed, the overall structure of IFRS 9 is based on classifying financial assets on the basis of those two conditions. Moreover, the IASB noted that users of financial statements have both consistently opposed permitting too much optionality in accounting requirements and have also advocated accounting requirements that provide comparability. However, the IASB acknowledged that accounting mismatches could arise as a result of the classification and measurement of financial assets under IFRS 9. In particular, such mismatches could arise because of the accounting for insurance contract liabilities under the IASB&#x2019;s tentative decisions in its Insurance Contracts project.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS09_FN0107" type="fn"/> In response to those potential mismatches, the IASB noted that the introduction of the fair value through other comprehensive income measurement category, which reflects a hold to collect and sell business model, and the extension of the existing fair value option in IFRS 9 to financial assets that would otherwise be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (see <xref id="IFRS09_X2503" base="F71850562" href="IFRS09_gBC4.210-BC4.211.dita#IFRS09_gBC4.210-BC4.211/IFRS09_gBC4.210-BC4.211_TI">paragraphs BC4.210&#x2013;BC4.211</xref>), are both relevant to many entities that have insurance contract liabilities. Consequently, the IASB believes that those requirements will assist in improving the interaction between the accounting for financial assets and the proposed accounting for insurance contract liabilities as compared to the requirements issued in IFRS 9 (2009). The IASB noted that, in a sense, these amendments to the requirements in IFRS 9 for the classification and measurement of financial assets provide a number of &#x2018;tools&#x2019; that the IASB can consider when it finalises the accounting for insurance contract liabilities. Moreover, the IASB noted that it will consider the feedback related to the accounting model for insurance contract liabilities and whether that model should be modified to reflect the interaction with the classification and measurement model for financial assets in IFRS 9 as it continues to discuss its Insurance Contracts project.</p></variant></body></paragraph>