<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS09_BC4.132" base="F33205747"><paranum>BC4.132</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BC4.132"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P5815">The comment periods on the IASB&#x2019;s and the FASB&#x2019;s proposals ended on 28 March 2013 and 15 May 2013 respectively. The boards developed a plan for joint redeliberations on the basis of the feedback received. That plan reflected the fact that the feedback differed in a number of ways. Specifically, many of the FASB&#x2019;s respondents questioned whether a new comprehensive classification and measurement model was needed and raised concerns about the complexity of the proposals. Many of those respondents advocated that the FASB should consider making targeted improvements to current US GAAP (particularly to the current requirements for bifurcating financial instruments). Consequently, while agreeing to joint redeliberations, the FASB indicated that after those redeliberations were complete, it would consider whether it would confirm the model that the boards had been jointly discussing or pursue another approach (for example, targeted improvements to US GAAP). In contrast, overall, the IASB&#x2019;s respondents continued to support the classification and measurement model in IFRS 9 and supported the proposed limited amendments to that model. The boards&#x2019; plan for redeliberations also reflected the fact that the boards had different scopes for their redeliberations, which reflected their different starting points. Accordingly the boards&#x2019; project plan envisaged both joint and separate redeliberations.</p></body></paragraph>