<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS09_DO3" base="F33205923"><paranum>DO3</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="DO3"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P7657">Complexity of accounting would be drastically reduced if all financial instruments were measured at fair value. The approach favoured by Mr Leisenring provides at least the following simplifications:</p><ol id="IFRS09_L0420" base="F33205945" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P7658" base="F33205946">no impairment model is necessary.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P7659" base="F33205948">criteria for when a given instrument must or can be measured with a given attribute are unnecessary.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P7660" base="F33205950">there is no need to bifurcate embedded derivatives or to identify financial derivatives.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P7661" base="F33205952">it eliminates the need for fair value hedge accounting for financial instruments.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P7662" base="F33205955">it eliminates the disparity in the measurement of derivatives within and outside the scope of IAS 39.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P7663" base="F33205957">it minimises the incentives for structuring transactions to achieve a particular accounting outcome.</p></li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P7664" base="F33205959">no fair value option would be needed to eliminate accounting mismatches.</p></li><li><li_value>(h)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P7665" base="F33205961">it provides a superior foundation for developing a comprehensive standard for the derecognition of financial instruments that is not present in a mixed attribute model.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>