<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS09_BCZ4.105" base="F33205446"><paranum>BCZ4.105</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="BCZ4.105"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P5769">The IFRIC also considered the implications of requiring subsequent reassessment. For example, assume that an entity, when it first becomes a party to a contract, separately recognises a host asset<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS09_FN0104" type="fn"/> and an embedded derivative liability. If the entity were required to reassess whether the embedded derivative was to be accounted for separately and if the entity concluded some time after becoming a party to the contract that the derivative was no longer required to be separated, then questions of recognition and measurement would arise. In the above circumstances, the IFRIC identified the following possibilities:</p><ol id="IFRS09_L0247" base="F33205448" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5770" base="F33205449">The entity could remove the derivative from its balance sheet and recognise in profit or loss a corresponding gain or loss. This would lead to recognition of a gain or loss even though there had been no transaction and no change in the value of the total contract or its components.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5771" base="F33205451">The entity could leave the derivative as a separate item in the balance sheet. The issue would then arise as to when the item was to be removed from the balance sheet. Should it be amortised (and, if so, how would the amortisation affect the effective interest rate of the asset), or should it be derecognised only when the asset is derecognised?</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P5772" base="F33205453">The entity could combine the derivative (which is recognised at fair value) with the asset (which is recognised at amortised cost). This would alter both the carrying amount of the asset and its effective interest rate even though there had been no change in the economics of the whole contract. In some cases, it could also result in a negative effective interest rate.</p> <p id="IFRS09_P5773" base="F33205465">The IFRIC noted that, under its view that subsequent reassessment is appropriate only when there has been a change in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows that otherwise would be required by the contract, the above issues do not arise.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>