<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS20_3" base="SL30823" principles="yes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">3</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 20" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="3" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body outputclass="bold" class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS20_P0012" class="- topic/p ">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings specified: </p><p base="SL136174" id="IAS20_P0013" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Government</i> refers to government, government agencies and similar bodies whether local, national or international.</p><p base="SL136175" id="IAS20_P0014" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Government assistance</i> is action by government designed to provide an economic benefit specific to an entity or range of entities qualifying under certain criteria. Government assistance for the purpose of this Standard does not include benefits provided only indirectly through action affecting general trading conditions, such as the provision of infrastructure in development areas or the imposition of trading constraints on competitors.</p><p base="SL136176" id="IAS20_P0015" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Government grants</i> are assistance by government in the form of transfers of resources to an entity in return for past or future compliance with certain conditions relating to the operating activities of the entity. They exclude those forms of government assistance which cannot reasonably have a value placed upon them and transactions with government which cannot be distinguished from the normal trading transactions of the entity.<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS20_FN0002" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p><p base="SL136177" id="IAS20_P0016" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Grants related to assets</i> are government grants whose primary condition is that an entity qualifying for them should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire long‑term assets. Subsidiary conditions may also be attached restricting the type or location of the assets or the periods during which they are to be acquired or held.</p><p base="SL136178" id="IAS20_P0017" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Grants related to income</i> are government grants other than those related to assets.</p><p base="SL136179" id="IAS20_P0018" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Forgivable loans</i> are loans which the lender undertakes to waive repayment of under certain prescribed conditions.</p><p base="SL136180" id="IAS20_P0019" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair value</i> is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. (See <xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" base="F16452619" id="IAS20_X0025" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph></xref>.)</p></body></paragraph>