<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="SL32698" id="IAS38_69" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>69</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 38"/><data name="paranum" value="69"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS38_P0213">In some cases, expenditure is incurred to provide future economic benefits  to an entity, but no intangible asset or other asset is acquired or created that can be recognised. In the case of the supply of goods, the entity recognises such expenditure as an expense when it has a right to access those goods. In the case of the supply of services, the entity recognises the expenditure as an expense when it receives the services. For example,  expenditure on research is recognised as an expense when it is incurred (see <xref base="SL197218" href="IAS38_54.dita#IAS38_54" id="IAS38_X0269">paragraph 54</xref>), except when it is acquired as part of a business combination. Other examples of expenditure that is recognised as an expense when it is incurred include: </p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL141888" id="IAS38_L0026" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="SL141890" id="IAS38_P0214">expenditure on start‑up activities (ie start‑up costs), unless this expenditure is included in the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment in accordance with <xref base="SL12116536" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS38_X0270">IAS 16</xref>.  Start‑up costs may consist of establishment costs such as legal and secretarial costs incurred in establishing a legal entity, expenditure to open a new facility or business (ie pre‑opening costs) or expenditures for starting new operations or launching new products or processes (ie pre‑operating costs).</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="SL141892" id="IAS38_P0215">expenditure on training activities.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="SL141894" id="IAS38_P0216">expenditure on advertising and promotional activities (including mail order catalogues).</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p base="SL141896" id="IAS38_P0217">expenditure on relocating or reorganising part or all of an entity.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>