<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS17_BC398H" principles="no" base="IFRS2021-2"><paranum>BC398H</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17"/><data name="paranum" value="BC398H"/></prolog><body><p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Board decided to make the transition option (classification overlay) available for:</p><ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value><p>entities that first apply IFRS 17 and <xref href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita">IFRS 9</xref> at the same time and that choose to           restate comparative information applying IFRS 9. These entities could apply the           classification overlay to financial assets derecognised in the comparative period (that           is, financial assets to which IFRS 9 is not applied).</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value><p>entities that first apply IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 at the same time and that do not restate comparative information applying IFRS 9. These entities could apply the classification overlay to any financial asset in the comparative period.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value><p>entities that have applied IFRS 9 before they apply IFRS 17.           For these entities, the classification overlay relates only to the application of <xref href="IFRS17_C29.dita">paragraph C29 of IFRS 17</xref> and can be applied only to           financial assets derecognised in the comparative period. Initially, the Board had proposed           that the classification overlay could be applied only by the entities described in (a) and           (b). However, stakeholders informed the Board that similar, albeit less significant,           accounting mismatches could arise for entities that applied IFRS 9 before they first apply           IFRS 17. Such mismatches could arise because these entities cannot apply paragraph C29 of           IFRS 17 to financial assets derecognised in the comparative period. Therefore, the Board           decided to make the classification overlay available to these entities, but only for           financial assets derecognised in the comparative period.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>