<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F55750846" id="IFRS17_BC10"><paranum>BC10</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17"/><data name="paranum" value="BC10"/></prolog><body><bodydiv base="IFRS2020-3">             <p id="IFRS17_P5776" outputclass="keep_with_next">If the Board extended the scope of                 existing IFRS Standards to include insurance contracts, an entity would need to:</p>             <ol base="F55750848" id="IFRS17_L0420" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>                     <p base="F55750849" id="IFRS17_P5777">identify service components and investment                         components within each premium that it receives. The Board decided that it                         would be difficult for an entity to routinely separate components of an                         insurance contract, and setting requirements to do so would result in                         complexity. Such separation would also ignore interdependencies between                         components, with the result that the sum of the values of the components may                         not always equal the value of the contract as a whole, even on initial                         recognition.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>                     <p base="F55750852" id="IFRS17_P5778">account for the service component in                         applying <xref base="F59357465" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001/IFRS15_TOC0001_V2" id="IFRS17_X1366">IFRS 15</xref>. As noted in <xref base="F59357466" href="IFRS17_BC26.dita#IFRS17_BC26" id="IFRS17_X1367">paragraph                             BC26(a)</xref>, the Board decided that the results of IFRS 17 are                         broadly consistent with those of IFRS 15, subject to requiring additional                         remeasurement. But the Board also decided that:</p>                     <ol base="F55750854" id="IFRS17_L0421" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>                             <p base="F55750855" id="IFRS17_P5779">the specific requirements of                                 IFRS 17 are necessary to determine how to account for particular                                 aspects of insurance contracts.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>                             <p base="F55750857" id="IFRS17_P5780">the additional remeasurement is                                 necessary to give relevant information; for example, information                                 about the financial aspects of insurance contracts that are more                                 significant for many insurance contracts than for contracts in the                                     <xref base="F61090888" href="../ifrs15/IFRS15_g5-8.dita#IFRS15_g5-8/IFRS15_g5-8_TI" id="IFRS17_X1368">scope of IFRS 15</xref>. In particular, when                                 applying IFRS 17, changes in financial assumptions will be                                 recognised earlier for some insurance contracts than they would be                                 when applying IFRS 15.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>                     <p base="F55750859" id="IFRS17_P5781">account for its liability for incurred                         claims in applying <xref base="F59357507" href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" id="IFRS17_X1369">IAS 37</xref>. IAS 37 would require the measurement of the liability to                         reflect current estimates of cash flows and a current market-based discount                         rate, which would reflect risks specific to the liability. This measurement                         would be broadly consistent with the requirements in IFRS 17 for the                         measurement of the liability for incurred claims.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>                     <p base="F55750861" id="IFRS17_P5782">apply the financial instruments Standards                         to the investment component. If an entity accounted for the investment                         components of an insurance contract in the same way it accounts for other                         financial liabilities, it would, consistent with IFRS 17, not recognise                         principal deposited as revenue and would account separately for embedded                         options and guarantees when so required by <xref base="F70527840" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001" id="IFRS17_X1370">IFRS 9</xref>. However, it would also:</p>                     <ol base="F55750863" id="IFRS17_L0422" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>                             <p base="F55750864" id="IFRS17_P5783">measure the investment components                                 at fair value through profit or loss or at amortised cost, as                                 applicable. The Board decided that measuring all interrelated cash                                 flows using the same current value measurement required by IFRS 17                                 provides more useful information.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>                             <p base="F55750866" id="IFRS17_P5784">measure the investment components                                 so that the fair value of the investment component would be no less                                 than the amount payable on demand, discounted from the first date                                 the payment could be required (the deposit floor). This is discussed                                 in <xref base="F59357509" href="IFRS17_gBC165-BC166.dita#IFRS17_gBC165-BC166/IFRS17_gBC165-BC166_TI" id="IFRS17_X1371">paragraphs BC165&#x2013;BC166</xref>.</p></li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value>                             <p base="F55750868" id="IFRS17_P5785">recognise, for investment                                 components measured at fair value through profit or loss, the costs                                 of originating contracts as an expense when incurred, with no                                 corresponding gain at inception. For investment components measured                                 at amortised cost, incremental transaction costs relating to the                                 investment component would reduce the initial carrying amount of                                 that liability. The treatment of insurance acquisition cash flows                                 applying IFRS 17 is discussed in <xref base="F59357510" href="IFRS17_gBC175-BC184.dita#IFRS17_gBC175-BC184/IFRS17_gBC175-BC184_TI" id="IFRS17_X1372">paragraphs BC175&#x2013;BC184K</xref>.</p></li></ol></li></ol>         </bodydiv></body></paragraph>