<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS17_BC338" base="F55753770"><paranum>BC338</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17"/><data name="paranum" value="BC338"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS17_P6416">However, the Board rejected this approach because:</p><ol id="IFRS17_L0534" base="F55753772" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6417" base="F55753773">the gross performance measure presented using a premiums-due approach would be inconsistent with commonly understood concepts of revenue and would be likely to mislead non-specialist users of financial statements. In particular, in a premiums-due approach:</p> <ol id="IFRS17_L0535" base="F55753775" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6418" base="F55753776">revenue would typically be recognised before the entity has performed the corresponding service.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6419" base="F55753778">the amounts presented as revenue and claims, benefits and expenses would vary depending on when a contract requires payment of the premium. For example, if a premium is due at the start of the contract, then all revenue and expenses are presented in the period the contract is issued. If the premium is instead due annually, the revenue and expenses would be presented at that point in each year. Thus, revenue and expenses may not indicate when the entity performs the service.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6420" base="F55753780">the premiums-due approach typically reports amounts billed in the period and includes in expenses an amount representing the premiums expected to relate to claims in the future. The Board decided that reporting claims and expenses when incurred would provide useful information to users of financial statements, as discussed in <xref id="IFRS17_X1781" base="F59408383" href="IFRS17_gBC343-BC344.dita#IFRS17_gBC343-BC344/IFRS17_gBC343-BC344_TI">paragraphs BC343&#x2013;BC344</xref>. As noted in <xref id="IFRS17_X1782" base="F59408385" href="IFRS17_BC344.dita#IFRS17_BC344">paragraph BC344</xref>, when revenue is measured using a premium approach, the incurred claims must be reconciled to the amount of expenses presented in the period and a balancing figure must be presented in profit or loss. Feedback from users of financial statements suggested that this balancing figure is difficult for users to interpret when analysing insurers&#x2019; performance in the period.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>