<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F55751373" id="IFRS17_BC105"><paranum>BC105</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17"/><data name="paranum" value="BC105"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS17_P5993">IFRS 4 confirmed that the requirements of <xref base="F61090893" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" id="IFRS17_X1536">IAS 39</xref> for embedded derivatives apply to derivatives embedded in insurance contracts. The Board has updated this requirement in IFRS 17 so that an entity applies <xref base="F70527848" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001" id="IFRS17_X1537">IFRS 9</xref> to determine whether a contract includes an embedded derivative to be separated and, if so, how entities account for that derivative. The Board&#x2019;s approach is consistent with the approach it has taken with hybrid contracts other than hybrid financial assets. This results in the following changes from the requirements of IFRS 4:</p><ol base="F55751375" id="IFRS17_L0462" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F55751376" id="IFRS17_P5994">IFRS 4 did not require the separation of an embedded derivative from the host contract if the contract and the embedded derivative are so interdependent that an entity cannot measure the derivative separately. By applying IFRS 9 to determine whether a contract includes an embedded derivative to be separated, the Board replaced this option with a prohibition from separating such closely related embedded derivatives from the host contract. The Board concluded that when embedded derivatives are closely related to the host insurance contract, the benefits of separating those embedded derivatives fail to outweigh the costs. Applying the measurement requirements of IFRS 17, such embedded derivatives are measured using current market-consistent information; and</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F55751378" id="IFRS17_P5995">IFRS 17 removes the statement in IFRS 4 that an entity is not required to separate specified surrender options in an insurance contract. Instead, the entity applies the requirements in IFRS 9 to decide whether it needs to separate a surrender option.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>