<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="IFRS2020-3" id="IFRS17_BC139R"><paranum>BC139R</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS2020-3"/><data name="paranum" value="BC139R"/></prolog><body><p>Nonetheless, the Board considered whether it could create an exemption from the annual cohort requirement that would capture only that very limited population of contracts, without the risk of capturing a wider population. However:</p><ol><li><li_value>(a)</li_value><p>any focused exemption would be complex because of the interaction between contract features that increase the costs and reduce the benefits. An exemption would therefore result in difficulties for entities and auditors in identifying which contracts would be exempted, and for users of financial statements in understanding which contracts had been exempted. A significant difference in outcomes could arise in some circumstances depending on whether the annual cohort requirement has been applied, and thus it would be essential that the scope of an exemption from that requirement is clear to understand.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value><p>the purpose of any exemption would be to balance the costs and benefits. However, there is no way to specify the scope of the exemption other than by using arbitrary thresholds because the balance of costs and benefits for different contracts vary across a range and there is no clearly identifiable point at which the costs exceed the benefits. Entities would be able to avoid applying the annual cohort requirement by structuring contracts to meet those thresholds. The Board concluded there was a high risk that contracts for which the benefits of the annual cohort requirement heavily outweigh the costs would be included in the exemption, resulting in a loss of information critical for users of financial statements.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>