<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS17_BC245" base="F55753439"><paranum>BC245</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17"/><data name="paranum" value="BC245"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS17_P6272">The Board then considered how to specify when the entity&#x2019;s share of underlying items is viewed as part of the variable fee for service. The Board decided the underlying items do not need to be a portfolio of financial assets. They can comprise items such as the net assets of the entity or a subsidiary within the group that is the reporting entity. The Board also decided that all the following conditions need to be met:</p><ol id="IFRS17_L0512" base="F55753441" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6273" base="F55753442">the contract specifies a determinable fee. For this to be the case, the contract needs to specify that the policyholder participates in a share of a clearly identified pool of underlying items. Without a determinable fee, which can be expressed as a percentage of portfolio returns or portfolio asset values rather than only as a monetary amount, the share of returns on the underlying items the entity retains would be entirely at the discretion of the entity, and, in the Board&#x2019;s view, this would not be consistent with that amount being equivalent to a fee.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6274" base="F55753444">the entity&#x2019;s primary obligation is to pay to the policyholder an amount equal to the fair value of the underlying items. For this to be the case:</p> <ol id="IFRS17_L0513" base="F55753446" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6275" base="F55753447">the entity should expect to pay to the policyholder an amount equal to a substantial share of the fair value returns on the underlying items. It would not be a faithful representation to depict an obligation to pay an amount equal to the fair value of the underlying items if the policyholder does not expect to receive a substantial part of the fair value returns on the underlying items.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6276" base="F55753449">the entity should expect a substantial proportion of any change in the amounts to be paid to the policyholder to vary with the change in fair value of the underlying items. It would not be a faithful representation to depict an obligation to pay an amount equal to the fair value of the underlying items if the entity were not to expect changes in the amount to be paid to vary with the change in fair value of the underlying items.</p></li></ol></li></ol></body></paragraph>