<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="IFRS2020-3" id="IFRS17_BC315J"><paranum>BC315J</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS2020-3"/><data name="paranum" value="BC315J"/></prolog><body><p>In the 2019 Exposure Draft, the Board had proposed limiting the amendment to a defined population of reinsurance contracts held&#x2014;those that provide proportionate coverage. For such contracts, an entity can easily identify the portion of losses on underlying insurance contracts that the entity has a right to recover. For other reinsurance contracts held, the Board was concerned that entities would have difficulty identifying that portion and thus may need to make arbitrary allocations. However, in the light of feedback on the Exposure Draft, the Board concluded that it should not impose that limitation. Respondents to the Exposure Draft reported that if the Board had limited the amendment in that way, the amendment would apply to few reinsurance contracts held in practice. Further, respondents said that an entity could identify the portion of losses the entity has a right to recover for any reinsurance contract held in a non-arbitrary way based on the expected claim recovery cash flows included in the measurement of the reinsurance contract held. For example, consider a reinsurance contract held that provides cover over an aggregate amount of claims on 100 underlying insurance contracts&#x2014;some of which are in a profitable group and the others in an onerous group. The entity could determine the portion of losses on the onerous contracts that the entity has a right to recover by comparing:</p><ol><li><li_value>(a)</li_value><p>total expected claim recoveries from the reinsurance contract held; and</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value><p>total expected claims for all underlying insurance contracts.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>