<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="IFRS17_BC_APPA"><title base="F55756224" id="IFRS17_BC_APPA_TI">Appendix A<linebreak/>Summary of changes since the 2013 Exposure Draft</title><body><p base="F55756226" id="IFRS17_P6569">The following table summarises the main differences between the 2013 Exposure Draft and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 17</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>.<xref type="fn" keyref="footnotes/IFRS17_BC_APPA_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3"/></p><table base="SL55756356" frame="all" id="IFRS17_TAB0065" orient="port" pgwide="1"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="1" colwidth="35*" rowsep="1"/><colspec align="left" colname="C2" colnum="2" colsep="1" colwidth="65*" rowsep="1"/><thead><row><entry align="justify" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p id="IFRS17_P6570" typeface="sansserif">Area of change</p>             </entry><entry align="justify" colname="C2" valign="top">               <p id="IFRS17_P6571" typeface="sansserif">Description of change</p>             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry nameend="C2" namest="C1">               <p id="IFRS17_P6572" typeface="sansserif"><b>Scope</b></p>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="SL55756358" id="IFRS17_P6573">Fixed-fee service contracts</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top">               <ul base="SL55756361" id="IFRS17_L0560"><li>                   <p base="SL55756363" id="IFRS17_P6574">Removed the requirement that an entity must apply <xref base="F59415970" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001/IFRS15_TOC0001_V2" id="IFRS17_X1917"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 15</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref> to fixed-fee service contracts that meet the definition of an insurance contract. An entity is permitted, but not required, to apply IFRS 15 to those contracts.</p>                 </li></ul>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="SL55756364" id="IFRS17_P6575">Combination of contracts</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top">               <ul base="SL55756367" id="IFRS17_L0561"><li>                   <p base="SL55756369" id="IFRS17_P6576">Revised the requirements on combining contracts so that insurance contracts should be combined only when a set of insurance contracts with the same or a related counterparty may achieve, or is designed to achieve, an overall commercial effect and combining those contracts is necessary to report the substance of those contracts.</p>                 </li></ul>             </entry></row><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" nameend="C2" namest="C1" valign="top">               <p id="IFRS17_P6577" typeface="sansserif"><b>Measurement</b></p>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="SL55756371" id="IFRS17_P6578">Level of aggregation</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top">               <ul base="SL55756374" id="IFRS17_L0562"><li>                   <p base="SL55756376" id="IFRS17_P6579">Revised the requirements to require disaggregation of a portfolio of insurance contracts at initial recognition into groups of insurance contracts that are onerous, profitable with no significant possibility of becoming onerous and other profitable contracts, with a narrow exemption for the effects of law or regulatory constraints on pricing. Groups cannot contain contracts that are written more than one year apart. A portfolio of insurance contracts is defined as insurance contracts subject to similar risks and managed together.</p>                 </li></ul>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="SL55756377" id="IFRS17_P6580">Discount rate</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top">               <ul base="SL55756380" id="IFRS17_L0563"><li>                   <p base="SL55756382" id="IFRS17_P6581">Clarified the guidance when there is no, or little, observable market data.</p>                 </li></ul>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="SL55756383" id="IFRS17_P6582">Contractual service margin</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top">               <ul base="SL55756386" id="IFRS17_L0564"><li>                   <p base="SL55756388" id="IFRS17_P6583">Clarified the principle for the recognition pattern of the contractual service margin by providing guidance that, for contracts other than investment contracts with discretionary participation features, an entity should recognise the contractual service margin in profit or loss on the basis of coverage units.</p>                 </li><li>                   <p base="SL55756390" id="IFRS17_P6584">Revised the requirements so that an entity adjusts the contractual service margin for the changes in risk relating to future service, consistent with the changes in estimates of cash flows.</p>                 </li><li>                   <p base="SL55756392" id="IFRS17_P6585">Revised the requirements so that favourable changes in estimates that arise after losses were previously recognised in profit or loss are recognised in profit or loss, to the extent that they reverse previously recognised losses.</p>                 </li><li>                   <p base="SL55756394" id="IFRS17_P6586">Clarified what adjusts the contractual service margin. For example, changes in discretionary cash flows, as specified by the entity, are regarded as relating to future service.</p>                 </li></ul>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="SL55756395" id="IFRS17_P6587">Insurance contracts with participation features</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top">               <ul base="SL55756398" id="IFRS17_L0565"><li>                   <p base="SL55756400" id="IFRS17_P6588">Eliminated the mirroring approach proposed in the 2013 Exposure Draft for insurance contracts that require an entity to hold underlying items and specify a link to returns on those underlying items.</p>                 </li><li>                   <p base="SL55756402" id="IFRS17_P6589">Introduced a definition of an insurance contract with direct participation features&#x2014;ie a contract for which: (a) the contractual terms specify that the policyholder participates in a share of a clearly identified pool of underlying items; (b) the entity expects to pay the policyholder an amount equal to a substantial share of the returns from the underlying items; and (c) the entity expects a substantial proportion of any change in the amounts to be paid to the policyholder to vary with the change in fair value of the underlying items.</p>                 </li><li>                   <p base="SL55756404" id="IFRS17_P6590">Introduced a requirement that, for insurance contracts with direct participation features, changes in the estimate of the fee (equal to the entity&#x2019;s expected share of the returns on underlying items minus any expected cash flows that do not vary directly with the underlying items) that the entity expects to earn from a group of insurance contracts adjust the contractual service margin.</p>                 </li><li>                   <p base="SL55756406" id="IFRS17_P6591">Introduced an option for an entity not to adjust the contractual service margin for changes in fulfilment cash flows or the entity&#x2019;s share of underlying items for which an entity uses derivatives to mitigate their financial risk in specified circumstances.</p>                 </li></ul>             </entry></row><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" nameend="C2" namest="C1" valign="top">               <p id="IFRS17_P6592" typeface="sansserif"><b>Premium allocation approach</b></p>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="SL55756408" id="IFRS17_P6593">Measurement</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top">               <ul base="SL55756411" id="IFRS17_L0566"><li>                   <p base="SL55756413" id="IFRS17_P6594">Revised the recognition of revenue over the coverage period to be according to the passage of time or, when the expected pattern of release of risk differs significantly from the passage of time, the expected timing of incurred insurance service expenses.</p>                 </li><li>                   <p base="SL55756415" id="IFRS17_P6595">Revised to require an entity to determine the insurance finance income or expenses in profit or loss for the liability for incurred claims using the discount rates determined at the date the liability for incurred claims is recognised. This occurs when the entity applies the premium allocation approach to contracts for which the entity discounts the liability for incurred claims and chooses to present the effect of changes in discount rates in other comprehensive income.</p>                 </li></ul>             </entry></row><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" nameend="C2" namest="C1" valign="top">               <p id="IFRS17_P6596" typeface="sansserif"><b>Reinsurance contracts held</b></p>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="SL55756418" id="IFRS17_P6597">Measurement</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top">               <ul base="SL55756421" id="IFRS17_L0567"><li>                   <p base="SL55756423" id="IFRS17_P6598">Revised to require an entity that holds a group of reinsurance contracts to recognise immediately in profit or loss any changes in estimates of fulfilment cash flows that arise from changes in estimates of fulfilment cash flows for a group of underlying insurance contracts that are recognised immediately in profit or loss.</p>                 </li></ul>             </entry></row><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" nameend="C2" namest="C1" valign="top">               <p id="IFRS17_P6599" typeface="sansserif"><b>Presentation and disclosure</b></p>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="SL55756426" id="IFRS17_P6600">Presentation of insurance revenue</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top">               <ul base="SL55756429" id="IFRS17_L0568"><li>                   <p base="SL55756431" id="IFRS17_P6601">Amended to prohibit an entity from presenting premium information in profit or loss if that information is not consistent with insurance revenue determined by applying IFRS 17.</p>                 </li></ul>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="SL55756433" id="IFRS17_P6602">Presentation of insurance finance income or expenses</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top">               <ul base="SL55756436" id="IFRS17_L0569"><li>                   <p base="SL55756438" id="IFRS17_P6603">Introduced an accounting policy choice for an entity to: (a) include insurance finance income or expenses for the period in profit or loss; or (b) disaggregate insurance finance income or expenses for the period into an amount recognised in profit or loss and an amount recognised in other comprehensive income.</p>                 </li><li>                   <p base="SL55756440" id="IFRS17_P6604">Specified that if the entity disaggregates insurance finance income or expenses into an amount recognised in profit or loss and an amount recognised in other comprehensive income:</p>                   <ul base="SL55756441" id="IFRS17_L0570"><li>                       <p base="SL55756443" id="IFRS17_P6605">in most circumstances, the amount included in profit or loss is determined by a systematic allocation of the total expected insurance finance income or expenses over the duration of the group of insurance contracts.</p>                     </li><li>                       <p base="SL55756445" id="IFRS17_P6606">when the contracts are insurance contracts with direct participation features and the entity holds the underlying items (ie there is no economic mismatch between the group of insurance contracts and the related underlying items), the amount included in profit or loss is determined to eliminate accounting mismatches with the finance income or expenses arising on the underlying items held.</p>                     </li></ul>                 </li></ul>             </entry></row><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" nameend="C2" namest="C1" valign="top">               <p id="IFRS17_P6607" typeface="sansserif"><b>Transition</b></p>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="SL55756448" id="IFRS17_P6608">When retrospective application is impracticable</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top">               <ul base="SL55756451" id="IFRS17_L0571"><li>                   <p base="SL55756453" id="IFRS17_P6609">Revised to provide further simplifications for groups of insurance contracts for which retrospective application is impracticable, including allowing entities to choose between a modified retrospective approach and a fair value approach. The modified retrospective approach allows an entity to use specified simplifications to retrospective application, to the extent necessary because the entity lacks reasonable and supportable information to apply IFRS 17 retrospectively. The fair value approach requires an entity to determine the contractual service margin by reference to the fair value of the group of insurance contracts at the transition date.</p>                 </li></ul>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="SL55756455" id="IFRS17_P6610">Designation of financial instruments using <xref base="F70528026" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001" id="IFRS17_X1918"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph></xref></p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top">               <ul base="SL55756458" id="IFRS17_L0572"><li>                   <p base="SL55756460" id="IFRS17_P6611">Revised to permit an entity, when first applying IFRS 17 after having applied IFRS 9, to newly assess the business model for eligible financial assets based on facts and circumstances applicable at the date of initial application.</p>                 </li><li>                   <p base="SL55756462" id="IFRS17_P6612">Revised to require an entity to provide additional disclosures to assist users of financial statements in understanding those changes when the classification and measurement of financial assets change as a result of applying any of the transition reliefs in IFRS 17.</p>                 </li></ul>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="SL55756464" id="IFRS17_P6613">Comparative information</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top">               <ul base="SL55756467" id="IFRS17_L0573"><li>                   <p base="SL55756469" id="IFRS17_P6614">Revised to require only one comparative period to be restated, applying IFRS 17 on transition.</p>                 </li></ul>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></topic>