<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS17_BC279" base="F55753513"><paranum>BC279</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17"/><data name="paranum" value="BC279"/></prolog><body><bodydiv base="IFRS2020-3">       <p id="IFRS17_P6315">As discussed in <xref id="IFRS17_X1728" base="F59389140" href="IFRS17_gBC21-BC21.dita#IFRS17_gBC21-BC21/IFRS17_gBC21-BC21_TI">paragraph         BC21</xref>, the Board views the contractual service margin as depicting the unearned profit         for coverage and other services provided over the coverage period. Insurance coverage is the         defining service provided by insurance contracts. The Board noted that an entity provides         this service over the whole of the coverage period, and not just when it incurs a claim.         Consequently, IFRS 17 requires the contractual service margin to be recognised over the         coverage period in a pattern that reflects the provision of coverage as required by the         contract. To achieve this, the contractual service margin for a group of insurance contracts         remaining (before any allocation) at the end of the reporting period is allocated over the         coverage provided in the current period and expected remaining future coverage, on the basis         of coverage units, reflecting the expected duration and quantity of benefits provided by         contracts in the group. The Board considered whether:</p>       <ol id="IFRS17_L0516" base="F56114606" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P6316" base="F56114607">the contractual service margin should be allocated             based on the pattern of expected cash flows or on the change in the risk adjustment for             non-financial risk caused by the release of risk. However, the Board decided the pattern             of expected cash flows and the release of the risk adjustment for non-financial risk are             not relevant factors in determining the satisfaction of the performance obligation of             the entity. They are already included in the measurement of the fulfilment cash flows             and do not need to be considered in the allocation of the contractual service margin.             Hence, the Board concluded that coverage units better reflect the provision of insurance             coverage.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p id="IFRS17_P6317" base="F56114609">the contractual service margin should be allocated             before any adjustments made because of changes in fulfilment cash flows that relate to             future service. However, the Board concluded that allocating the amount of the             contractual service margin adjusted for the most up-to-date assumptions provides the             most relevant information about the profit earned from service provided in the period             and the profit to be earned in the future from future service.<xref type="fn" keyref="footnotes/IFRS17_BC279_BC280_BC283_FN0001"/></p></li></ol>     </bodydiv></body></paragraph>