<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="IFRS2020-3" id="IFRS17_BC139J"><paranum>BC139J</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS2020-3"/><data name="paranum" value="BC139J"/></prolog><body><p>Intergenerational sharing of risks between policyholders is reflected in the fulfilment cash flows and therefore in the contractual service margin of each generation of contracts applying paragraphs B67&#x2212;B71 of IFRS 17 (see paragraph BC171). However, each generation of contracts may be more or less profitable for an entity than other generations. Applying the variable fee approach (see paragraphs BC238&#x2012;BC249) the profit for a group of insurance contracts reflects the entity&#x2019;s share in the fair value returns on underlying items. The entity&#x2019;s share in the fair value returns on underlying items is unaffected by the way the policyholders&#x2019; share is distributed among generations of policyholders. For example, even if all generations of policyholders share equally in the fair value returns on the same pool of underlying items, the amount of the entity&#x2019;s share in those fair value returns created by each generation may differ. The entity&#x2019;s share in the fair value returns depends on the contractual terms of each annual cohort and the economic conditions during the coverage period of each annual cohort. For example, a 20 per cent share in fair value returns created by an annual cohort for which the fair value returns during the coverage period are 5 per cent is more profitable for an entity than a 20 per cent share in fair value returns created by an annual cohort for which the fair value returns during the coverage period are 1 per cent. Removing the annual cohort requirement for groups of insurance contracts with intergenerational sharing of risks between policyholders would average higher or lower profits from each generation of contracts, resulting in a loss of information about changes in profitability over time.</p></body></paragraph>