<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F55753245" id="IFRS17_BC210"><paranum>BC210</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17"/><data name="paranum" value="BC210"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS17_P6191" outputclass="keep_with_next">The Board considered arguments that it not include a risk adjustment for non-financial risk in the fulfilment cash flows because:</p><ol base="F55753247" id="IFRS17_L0497" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F55753248" id="IFRS17_P6192">no single well-defined approach exists for developing risk adjustments for non-financial risks that would meet the objective described in <xref base="F59384884" href="IFRS17_gBC208-BC212.dita#IFRS17_gBC208-BC212/IFRS17_gBC208-BC212_TI" id="IFRS17_X1666">paragraph BC208</xref> and provide consistency and comparability of results.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F55753250" id="IFRS17_P6193">some techniques are difficult to explain to users of financial statements and, for some techniques, it may be difficult to provide clear disclosures that would give users of financial statements an insight into the measure of the risk adjustment for non-financial risk that results from the technique.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="F55753252" id="IFRS17_P6194">it is impossible to assess retrospectively whether a particular adjustment was reasonable, although preparers of financial statements may, in time, develop tools that help them to assess whether the amount of a risk adjustment for non-financial risk is appropriate for a given fact pattern. Over time, an entity may be able to assess whether subsequent outcomes are in line with its previous estimates of probability distributions. However, it would be difficult for the entity to assess whether, for example, a decision to set a confidence level at a particular percentile was appropriate.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="F55753254" id="IFRS17_P6195">developing systems to determine risk adjustments for non-financial risk will involve cost, and some stakeholders doubt whether the benefits of such systems will be sufficient to justify that cost.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p base="F55753256" id="IFRS17_P6196">the inclusion of an explicitly measured risk adjustment for non-financial risk in identifying a loss on initial recognition is inconsistent with <xref base="F59384885" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001/IFRS15_TOC0001_V2" id="IFRS17_X1667">IFRS 15</xref>.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>         <p base="F55753258" id="IFRS17_P6197">if the remeasurement of the risk adjustment for non-financial risk for an existing group of insurance contracts results in a loss, that loss will reverse in later periods as the entity is released from that risk. Reporting a loss followed by an expected reversal of that loss may confuse some users of financial statements.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value>         <p base="F55753260" id="IFRS17_P6198">the risk adjustment for non-financial risk could be used to introduce bias into the measurement of an insurance contract.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>