<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS17_BC135" base="F55751479"><paranum>BC135</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17"/><data name="paranum" value="BC135"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS17_P6042">Despite the development of an approach designed to respond to the practical concerns raised by stakeholders, some continued to argue that the level of aggregation set out in <xref id="IFRS17_X1568" base="F59369195" href="IFRS17_BC127.dita#IFRS17_BC127">paragraph BC127</xref> might lead to excessive granularity that is, in their view, contrary to the essence of the insurance business. These stakeholders do not think that contracts that have been priced on the same basis by the entity should be in different groups. The Board noted that applying IFRS 17, an entity would not be expected under normal circumstances to group separately contracts priced on the same basis by the entity. This is because:</p><ol id="IFRS17_L0470" base="F55751481" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6043" base="F55751482">groups are determined on the basis of information available to the entity at initial recognition of the contracts, which will be at their inception if they are onerous at inception. In that case, the information that is used to determine the groups will be the same information that is available to the entity for pricing purposes. If contracts are onerous at inception, that will generally be the result of an intentional pricing strategy (and is likely to be relatively infrequent). If contracts are not onerous at inception, the date of initial recognition may be later than inception (see <xref id="IFRS17_X1569" base="F59369213" href="IFRS17_gBC140-BC145.dita#IFRS17_gBC140-BC145/IFRS17_gBC140-BC145_TI">paragraphs BC140&#x2013;BC144</xref>). Hence, the information used for determining the groups may differ from the information that had been available for pricing purposes. However, the difference between the information available at inception and initial recognition will often not be significant and stakeholders had indicated that always determining groups at inception (ie measuring the contracts at inception) would be unduly costly for little benefit (see <xref id="IFRS17_X1570" base="F59369214" href="IFRS17_BC141.dita#IFRS17_BC141">paragraph BC141</xref>).</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P6044" base="F55751484">IFRS 17 provides an exception for circumstances in which law or regulation specifically constrains the entity&#x2019;s practical ability to set a different price or level of benefits for contracts or policyholders with different characteristics.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>