<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="IFRS2020-3" id="IFRS17_BC170a"><paranum>BC170A</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS2020-3"/><data name="paranum" value="BC170A"/></prolog><body><p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to resolve an inconsistency between the description of cash flows within the boundary of an insurance contract in paragraph B65(m) of IFRS 17 and the description of cash flows outside the boundary of an insurance contract in paragraph B66(f) of IFRS 17. Before the amendment, paragraph B66(f) of IFRS 17 required an entity to exclude income tax payments and receipts not paid or received in a fiduciary capacity from the estimate of the cash flows that will arise as the entity fulfils an insurance contract. Some stakeholders said that some income tax payments and receipts, although not paid or received in a fiduciary capacity, are costs specifically chargeable to the policyholder under the terms of the contract. Accordingly, those costs should be included in the boundary of an insurance contract applying paragraph B65(m) of IFRS 17. The Board agreed that any costs specifically chargeable to the policyholder are cash flows that will arise as the entity fulfils an insurance contract. Therefore, the Board amended paragraph B66(f) of IFRS 17 to avoid excluding from the fulfilment cash flows income tax payments or receipts specifically chargeable to the policyholder under the terms of the contract. An entity recognises insurance revenue for the consideration paid by the policyholder for such income tax amounts when the entity recognises in profit or loss the income tax amounts. This treatment is consistent with the recognition of insurance revenue for other incurred expenses applying IFRS 17 (see paragraph BC37).</p></body></paragraph>