<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F55753784" id="IFRS17_BC340"><paranum>BC340</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17"/><data name="paranum" value="BC340"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS17_P6422">The Board considered requiring entities to include all insurance finance income or expenses in profit or loss. This would prevent accounting mismatches with finance income from assets measured at fair value through profit or loss, and could also reduce the complexity inherent in disaggregating changes in the liability. However, many stakeholders expressed concern that gains and losses from underwriting and investing activities would be obscured by more volatile gains and losses arising from changes in the current discount rate applied to the cash flows in insurance contracts. In addition, many preparers of financial statements expressed concern that they would be forced to measure their financial assets at fair value through profit or loss to avoid accounting mismatches. These preparers noted that the Board has indicated that amortised cost and fair value through other comprehensive income are appropriate measures for financial assets in some circumstances and that <xref base="F70527933" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001" id="IFRS17_X1784">IFRS 9</xref> would generally require an entity to measure financial liabilities at amortised cost. Accordingly, these preparers say that the volatility in profit or loss that would result from a current value measurement of insurance contracts would impair the faithful representation of their financial performance and users of financial statements would face difficulties in comparing insurers with entities that have no significant insurance contracts. The Board was not persuaded that entities that issue insurance contracts would be disadvantaged if insurance contracts were to be measured at current value. However, the Board was persuaded that users of financial statements may find that, for some contracts, the presentation of insurance finance income or expenses based on a systematic allocation in profit or loss would be more useful than the presentation of total insurance finance income or expenses in profit or loss.</p></body></paragraph>