<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS17_BC83" base="F55751272"><paranum>BC83</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 17"/><data name="paranum" value="BC83"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS17_P5945">Although investment contracts with discretionary participation features do not meet the definition of insurance contracts, the advantages of treating them the same as insurance contracts rather than as financial instruments when they are issued by entities that issue insurance contracts are that:</p><ol id="IFRS17_L0454" base="F55751274" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P5946" base="F55751275">investment contracts with discretionary participation features and insurance contracts that specify a link to returns on underlying items are sometimes linked to the same underlying pool of assets. Sometimes investment contracts with discretionary participation features share in the performance of insurance contracts. Using the same accounting for both types of contracts will produce more useful information for users of financial statements because it enhances comparability within an entity. It also simplifies the accounting for those contracts. For example, some cash flow distributions to participating policyholders are made in aggregate both for insurance contracts that specify a link to returns on underlying items and for investment contracts with discretionary participation features. This makes it challenging to apply different accounting models to different parts of that aggregate participation.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P5947" base="F55751277">both of these types of contract often have characteristics, such as long maturities, recurring premiums and high acquisition cash flows that are more commonly found in insurance contracts than in most other financial instruments. The Board developed the model for insurance contracts specifically to generate useful information about contracts containing such features.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS17_P5948" base="F55751279">if investment contracts with discretionary participation features were not accounted for by applying IFRS 17, some of the discretionary participation features might be separated into an equity component in accordance with the Board&#x2019;s existing requirements for financial instruments. Splitting these contracts into components with different accounting treatments would cause the same problems that would arise if insurance contracts were separated (see <xref id="IFRS17_X1492" base="F59367628" href="IFRS17_BC10.dita#IFRS17_BC10">paragraph BC10(a)</xref>). Also, in the Board&#x2019;s view, the accounting model it has developed for insurance contracts, including the treatment of discretionary cash flows (see <xref id="IFRS17_X1493" base="F59367629" href="IFRS17_gBC167-BC170.dita#IFRS17_gBC167-BC170/IFRS17_gBC167-BC170_TI">paragraphs BC167&#x2013;BC170</xref>), is more appropriate than using any other model for these types of contracts.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>