<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS08_BC44" base="IAS2021-1" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC44</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 8" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC44" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p class="- topic/p "> Before the 2021 amendments, IAS 8 included definitions of ‘accounting policies’ and ‘change       in accounting estimate’. The combination of a definition of one item (accounting policies)       with a definition of changes in another item (change in accounting estimate) obscured the       distinction between accounting policies and accounting estimates. To make that distinction       clearer, the Board replaced the definition of a change in accounting estimate with a       definition of accounting estimates. The main matters the Board considered in developing the       definition and related requirements included:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">the relationship between accounting policies and accounting estimates</i>—the             amendments clarify the relationship between accounting policies and accounting estimates             by specifying that an entity develops an accounting estimate to achieve the objective             set out by an accounting policy. The Board’s view was that this clarification would help             entities distinguish changes in accounting estimates from changes in accounting             policies.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">judgements and assumptions</i>—when it exposed a draft of the 2021 amendments for             comment, the Board proposed defining accounting estimates as judgements and assumptions             used in applying accounting policies when an item cannot be measured with precision.             However, the Board agreed with feedback suggesting it would be more helpful to specify             that accounting estimates are the output of measurement techniques that require an             entity to use judgements or assumptions and that the judgements or assumptions are not             accounting estimates themselves. This approach also avoids confusion about whether other             judgements and assumptions an entity makes in preparing its financial statements are             accounting estimates.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">measurement uncertainty</i>—the Board introduced the term ‘measurement uncertainty’             in the definition. The Board concluded that using this term would make the definition             clearer and be consistent with the 2018 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conceptual Framework.</i><xref type="fn" keyref="footnotes/IAS08_BC44_FN0001" class="- topic/xref "/> </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i "> monetary amounts</i>—the definition refers to monetary amounts for consistency with             the definition of measurement uncertainty.<xref type="fn" keyref="footnotes/IAS08_BC44_FN0002" class="- topic/xref "/> The Board considered whether the definition             should also refer to non-monetary amounts (for example, the useful life of depreciable             assets). However, the Board observed that entities use non-monetary amounts as inputs to             estimate monetary amounts in the financial statements—for example, an entity uses the             useful life of an asset (a non-monetary amount) as an input in estimating the             depreciation expense for that asset (a monetary amount). Because the effects of changes             in inputs used to develop an accounting estimate are changes in accounting estimates             (see paragraph BC46), the Board concluded that it was unnecessary to also include             non-monetary amounts in the definition of accounting estimates.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">scope</i>—the Board considered whether the definition should also capture estimates             used in applying accounting policies for matters other than measuring items in financial             statements (for example, estimates used in determining whether to recognise an item in             the financial statements). The previous definition of a change in accounting estimate             referred to ‘adjustments to the carrying amount’ of an asset or liability and,             therefore, captured only changes in the measurement of items recognised in financial             statements. The Board concluded that the amendments should not change the scope of IAS 8             and, accordingly, limited the definition to capture only monetary amounts that are             subject to measurement uncertainty.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>