<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F7284127" principles="no" id="IFRS01_IG29"><paranum>IG29</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 1"/><data name="paranum" value="IG29"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS01_P0935"><xref base="F8305569" href="#IFRS01_IG29/IFRS01_TAB0010" id="IFRS01_X1205">IG Examples 8 and 9</xref> illustrate <xref base="F8125613" href="IFRS01_gD16-D17.dita#IFRS01_gD16-D17" id="IFRS01_X1206">paragraphs D16 and D17</xref> of the IFRS, which address cases where a parent and its subsidiary become first&#x2011;time adopters at different dates.</p><table base="SL15648665" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS01_TAB0010"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" valign="top">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0936">IG Example 8 Parent adopts IFRSs before subsidiary</p>             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0937"><b>Background</b> </p>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F7284131" id="IFRS01_P0938">Parent N presents its (consolidated) first IFRS financial statements in 20X5. Its foreign subsidiary O, wholly owned by parent N since formation, prepares information in accordance with IFRSs for internal consolidation purposes from that date, but subsidiary O does not present its first IFRS financial statements until 20X7.</p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F20636423" id="IFRS01_P0939"><b>Application of requirements</b></p>                              <p base="F7284134" id="IFRS01_P0941">If subsidiary O applies <xref base="F15828342" href="IFRS01_D16.dita#IFRS01_D16" id="IFRS01_X1209">paragraph D16(a)</xref> of the IFRS, the carrying amounts of its assets and liabilities are the same in both its opening IFRS statement of financial position at 1 January 20X6 and parent N&#x2019;s consolidated statement of financial position (except for adjustments for consolidation procedures)                                  and are based on parent N&#x2019;s date of transition to IFRSs.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F7284135" id="IFRS01_P0942">Alternatively, subsidiary O may, in accordance with <xref base="F15828344" href="IFRS01_D16.dita#IFRS01_D16" id="IFRS01_X1211">paragraph D16(b)</xref> of the IFRS, measure all its assets or liabilities based on its own date of transition to IFRSs (1 January 20X6). However, the fact that subsidiary O becomes a first&#x2011;time adopter in 20X7 does not change the carrying amounts of its assets and liabilities in parent N&#x2019;s consolidated financial statements.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table base="SL15648668" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS01_TAB0011"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" valign="top">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0943">IG Example 9 Subsidiary adopts IFRSs before parent</p>             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0944"><b>Background</b> </p>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F7284138" id="IFRS01_P0945">Parent P presents its (consolidated) first IFRS financial statements in 20X7. Its foreign subsidiary Q, wholly owned by parent P since formation, presented its first IFRS financial statements in 20X5. Until 20X7, subsidiary Q prepared information for internal consolidation purposes in accordance with parent P&#x2019;s previous GAAP.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F20636426" id="IFRS01_P0946"><b>Application of requirements</b></p>                              <p base="F7284140" id="IFRS01_P0948">The carrying amounts of subsidiary Q&#x2019;s assets and liabilities at 1 January 20X6 are the same in both parent P&#x2019;s (consolidated) opening IFRS statement of financial position and subsidiary Q&#x2019;s financial statements (except for adjustments for consolidation procedures)                                  and are based on subsidiary Q&#x2019;s date of transition to IFRSs. The fact that parent P becomes a first&#x2011;time adopter in 20X7 does not change those carrying amounts (<xref base="F15828268" href="IFRS01_D17.dita#IFRS01_D17" id="IFRS01_X1215">paragraph D17</xref> of the IFRS).</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>