<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F7284171" principles="no" id="IFRS01_IG38"><paranum>IG38</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 1"/><data name="paranum" value="IG38"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS01_P0968">An entity applies the IFRS in each interim financial report that it presents in accordance with <xref base="F15828577" href="../ias34/IAS34_TOC0001.dita#IAS34_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X1245">IAS 34</xref> for part of the period covered by its first IFRS financial statements. In particular, <xref base="F15828579" href="IFRS01_32.dita#IFRS01_32" id="IFRS01_X1246">paragraph 32</xref> of the IFRS requires an entity to disclose various reconciliations (see <xref base="F15828581" href="IFRS01_IG38.dita#IFRS01_IG38/IFRS01_TAB0012" scope="local" id="IFRS01_X1247">IG Example 10</xref>).</p><table base="SL15648671" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS01_TAB0012"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" valign="top">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0970">IG Example 10 Interim financial reporting</p>             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0971"><b>Background</b></p>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F7284175" id="IFRS01_P0972">Entity R&#x2019;s first IFRS financial statements are for a period that ends on 31 December 20X5, and its first interim financial report in accordance with <xref base="F15828584" href="../ias34/IAS34_TOC0001.dita#IAS34_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X1250">IAS 34</xref> is for the quarter ended 31 March 20X5. Entity R prepared previous GAAP annual                                  financial statements for the year ended 31 December 20X4, and prepared quarterly reports throughout 20X4.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F20636428" id="IFRS01_P0973"><b>Application of requirements</b></p>               <p base="F7284177" id="IFRS01_P0974">In each quarterly interim financial report for 20X5, entity R includes reconciliations of:</p>               <ol base="F7284179" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS01_L0105"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284180" id="IFRS01_P0975">its equity in accordance with previous GAAP at the end of the comparable quarter of 20X4 to its equity in accordance with IFRSs at that date; and</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284182" id="IFRS01_P0976">its total comprehensive income (or, if it did not report such a total, profit or loss) in accordance with previous GAAP for the comparable quarter of 20X4 (current and year to date) to its total comprehensive income in accordance with IFRSs.</p>                 </li></ol>                            </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F7284184" id="IFRS01_P0978">In addition to the reconciliations required by (a) and (b) and the disclosures required by IAS 34, entity R&#x2019;s interim financial report for the first quarter of 20X5 includes reconciliations of (or a cross&#x2011;reference to another published document that includes these reconciliations): </p>               <ol base="F7284187" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS01_L0106"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284188" id="IFRS01_P0979">its equity in accordance with previous GAAP at 1 January 20X4 and 31 December 20X4 to its equity in accordance with IFRSs at those dates; and</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284190" id="IFRS01_P0980">its total comprehensive income (or, if it did not report such a total, profit or loss) for 20X4 in accordance with previous GAAP to its total comprehensive income for 20X4 in accordance with IFRSs.</p>                 </li></ol>                            </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F7284192" id="IFRS01_P0982">Each of the above reconciliations gives sufficient detail to enable users to understand the material                                  adjustments to the statement of financial position and statement of comprehensive income. Entity R also explains the material adjustments to the statement of cash flows.                                </p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F7284193" id="IFRS01_P0983">If entity R becomes aware of errors made in accordance with previous GAAP, the reconciliations distinguish the correction of those errors from changes in accounting policies.                                </p>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F7284194" id="IFRS01_P0984">If entity R did not, in its most recent annual financial statements in accordance with previous GAAP, disclose information material to an understanding of the current interim period, its interim financial reports for 20X5 disclose that information or include a cross&#x2011;reference to another published document that includes it (<xref base="F15828658" href="IFRS01_33.dita#IFRS01_33" id="IFRS01_X1260">paragraph 33</xref> of the IFRS).</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>