<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="SL31723" principles="no" id="IAS33_46"><paranum>46</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 33"/><data name="paranum" value="46"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS33_P0127"><xref base="SL148103" href="IAS33_5.dita#IAS33_5/IAS33_P0022">Options and warrants<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0272"/></ph></xref> are dilutive when they would result in the issue of <xref base="SL148104" href="IAS33_5.dita#IAS33_5/IAS33_P0023">ordinary shares<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0275"/></ph></xref> for less than the average market price of <xref base="SL148104" href="IAS33_5.dita#IAS33_5/IAS33_P0023">ordinary shares<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0275"/></ph></xref> during the period.              The amount of the <xref base="SL148102" href="IAS33_5.dita#IAS33_5/IAS33_P0021">dilution<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0088"/></ph></xref> is the average market price of ordinary shares during the period minus the issue price. Therefore, to calculate diluted earnings per share, <xref base="SL148105" href="IAS33_5.dita#IAS33_5/IAS33_P0024">potential ordinary shares<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0295"/></ph></xref> are treated as consisting of both the following: </p><ol base="SL148171" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS33_L0011"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL148173" id="IAS33_P0128">a contract to issue a certain number of the ordinary shares at their average market price during the period. Such ordinary shares are assumed to be fairly priced and to be neither dilutive nor antidilutive. They are ignored in the calculation of diluted earnings per share.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL148175" id="IAS33_P0129">a contract to issue the remaining ordinary shares for no consideration. Such ordinary shares generate no proceeds and have no effect on profit or loss attributable to ordinary shares outstanding. Therefore, such shares are dilutive and are added to the number of ordinary shares outstanding in the calculation of diluted earnings per share.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>