<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="Edu_d5e4317"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn base="IAS37_2" id="IAS37_FN0001">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS37_P0373">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, May 2008, Agenda           Decision, ‘IAS 37 <i>Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</i>—Deposits           on returnable containers’</p>         <p>The IFRIC was asked to provide guidance on the accounting for the obligation to refund           deposits on returnable containers. In some industries, entities that distribute their           products in returnable containers collect a deposit for each container delivered and have           an obligation to refund this deposit when containers are returned by the customer. The           issue was whether the obligation should be accounted for in accordance with             IAS 39 <i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</i>.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that paragraph 11 of IAS 32 <i>Financial Instruments:           Presentation</i> defines a financial instrument as ‘any contract that gives rise to a           financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another           entity.’ Following delivery of the containers to its customers, the seller has an           obligation only to refund the deposit for any returned containers.</p>         <p>In circumstances in which the containers are derecognised as part of the sale           transaction, the obligation is an exchange of cash (the deposit) for the containers           (non‑financial assets). Whether that exchange transaction occurs is at the option of the           customer. Because the transaction involves the exchange of a non‑financial item, it does           not meet the definition of a financial instrument in accordance with IAS 32.</p>         <p>In contrast, when the containers are not derecognised as part of the sale transaction,           the customer’s only asset is its right to the refund. In such circumstances, the           obligation meets the definition of a financial instrument in accordance with IAS 32 and is           therefore within the scope of IAS 39. In particular, paragraph 49 of IAS 39 states that           ‘the fair value of a financial liability with a demand feature (eg a demand deposit) is           not less than the amount payable on demand, discounted from the first date that the amount           could be required to be paid.’</p>         <p>The IFRIC concluded that divergence in this area was unlikely to be significant and           therefore decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS37_5" id="IAS37_FN0002">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS37_P0374">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, September 2017,           Agenda Decision, ‘IAS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—<i>Interest and penalties related to income taxes</i>’</p>         <p>IFRS Standards do not specifically address the accounting for interest and penalties           related to income taxes (interest and penalties). In the light of the feedback received on           the draft IFRIC Interpretation <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments</ph></ph>, the           Committee considered whether to add a project on interest and penalties to its           standard-setting agenda.</p>         <p>On the basis of its analysis, the Committee concluded that a project on interest and           penalties would not result in an improvement in financial reporting that would be           sufficient to outweigh the costs. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a project           on interest and penalties to its standard-setting agenda.</p>         <p>Nonetheless, the Committee observed that entities do not have an accounting policy choice           between applying IAS 12 and applying IAS 37 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent               Assets</ph></ph> to interest and penalties. Instead, if an entity considers a           particular amount payable or receivable for interest and penalties to be an income tax,           then the entity applies IAS 12 to that amount. If an entity does not apply IAS 12 to a           particular amount payable or receivable for interest and penalties, it applies IAS 37 to           that amount. An entity discloses its judgement in this respect applying paragraph 122 of             IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of               Financial Statements</ph></ph> if it is part of the entity’s judgements that had the           most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.</p>         <p id="IAS37_P0375">Paragraph 79 of IAS 12 requires an entity to disclose the major           components of tax expense (income); for each class of provision, paragraphs 84–85 of           IAS 37 require a reconciliation of the carrying amount at the beginning and end of the           reporting period as well as other information. Accordingly, regardless of whether an           entity applies IAS 12 or IAS 37 when accounting for interest and penalties, the entity           discloses information about those interest and penalties if it is material.</p>         <p>The Committee also observed it had previously published agenda decisions discussing the           scope of IAS 12 in March 2006 and May 2009.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS37_5_not-in-use" id="IAS37_FN0003">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS37_P0376">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—September 2017:             IAS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Income               Taxes</ph></ph>—<i>Interest and penalties related to income taxes</i> IFRS Standards           do not specifically address the accounting for interest and penalties related to income           taxes (interest and penalties). In the light of the feedback received on the draft IFRIC             Interpretation <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments</ph></ph>, the Committee considered whether to           add a project on interest and penalties to its standard-setting agenda. On the basis of           its analysis, the Committee concluded that a project on interest and penalties would not           result in an improvement in financial reporting that would be sufficient to outweigh the           costs. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a project on interest and penalties           to its standard-setting agenda. Nonetheless, the Committee observed that entities do not           have an accounting policy choice between applying IAS 12 and applying IAS 37 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent               Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph> to interest and penalties. Instead, if an           entity considers a particular amount payable or receivable for interest and penalties to           be an income tax, then the entity applies IAS 12 to that amount. If an entity does not           apply IAS 12 to a particular amount payable or receivable for interest and penalties, it           applies IAS 37 to that amount. An entity discloses its judgement in this respect applying           paragraph 122 of IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> if it is part of the entity’s           judgements that had the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial           statements.</p>         <p id="IAS37_P0377">Paragraph 79 of IAS 12 requires an entity to disclose the major           components of tax expense (income); for each class of provision, paragraphs 84–85 of           IAS 37 require a reconciliation of the carrying amount at the beginning and end of the           reporting period as well as other information. Accordingly, regardless of whether an           entity applies IAS 12 or IAS 37 when accounting for interest and penalties, the entity           discloses information about those interest and penalties if it is material. The Committee           also observed it had previously published agenda decisions discussing the scope of IAS 12           in March 2006 and May 2009.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS37_5_not-in-use" id="IAS37_FN0004">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS37_P0378">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>—September 2017:             IAS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Income               Taxes</ph></ph>—<i>Interest and penalties related to income taxes</i> IFRS Standards           do not specifically address the accounting for interest and penalties related to income           taxes (interest and penalties). In the light of the feedback received on the draft IFRIC             Interpretation <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments</ph></ph>, the Committee considered whether to           add a project on interest and penalties to its standard-setting agenda. On the basis of           its analysis, the Committee concluded that a project on interest and penalties would not           result in an improvement in financial reporting that would be sufficient to outweigh the           costs. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a project on interest and penalties           to its standard-setting agenda. Nonetheless, the Committee observed that entities do not           have an accounting policy choice between applying IAS 12 and applying IAS 37 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent               Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph> to interest and penalties. Instead, if an           entity considers a particular amount payable or receivable for interest and penalties to           be an income tax, then the entity applies IAS 12 to that amount. If an entity does not           apply IAS 12 to a particular amount payable or receivable for interest and penalties, it           applies IAS 37 to that amount. An entity discloses its judgement in this respect applying           paragraph 122 of IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> if it is part of the entity’s           judgements that had the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial           statements.</p>         <p id="IAS37_P0379">Paragraph 79 of IAS 12 requires an entity to disclose the major           components of tax expense (income); for each class of provision, paragraphs 84–85 of           IAS 37 require a reconciliation of the carrying amount at the beginning and end of the           reporting period as well as other information. Accordingly, regardless of whether an           entity applies IAS 12 or IAS 37 when accounting for interest and penalties, the entity           discloses information about those interest and penalties if it is material. The Committee           also observed it had previously published agenda decisions discussing the scope of IAS 12           in March 2006 and May 2009.]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS37_10" id="EDUFN-ad2019-january-ap2_IAS37">                  <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about how to account for           deposits relating to taxes that are outside the scope of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Income               Taxes</ph></ph> (ie deposits relating to taxes other than income tax).</p>         <p>...</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif"><b>Whether the tax deposit gives rise             to an asset, a contingent asset or neither</b></p>         <p>The Committee observed that if the tax deposit gives rise to an asset, that asset may not           be clearly within the scope of any IFRS Standard. Furthermore, the Committee concluded           that no IFRS Standard deals with issues similar or related to the issue that arises in           assessing whether the right arising from the tax deposit meets the definition of an asset.           Accordingly, applying paragraphs 10–11 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting               Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph>, the Committee referred           to the two definitions of an asset in IFRS literature—the definition in the Conceptual           Framework for Financial Reporting issued in March 2018 and the definition in the previous           Conceptual Framework that was in place when many existing IFRS Standards were developed.           The Committee concluded that the right arising from the tax deposit meets either of those           definitions. The tax deposit gives the entity a right to obtain future economic benefits,           either by receiving a cash refund or by using the payment to settle the tax liability. The           nature of the tax deposit—whether voluntary or required—does not affect this right and           therefore does not affect the conclusion that there is an asset. The right is not a           contingent asset as defined by IAS 37 because it is an asset, and not a possible asset, of           the entity.</p>         <p>...</p>         <p>[The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after <xref href="../ias08/IAS08_10.dita" scope="local">paragraph 11 of IAS 8</xref>.]]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS37_37" id="IAS37_FN0007">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS37_P0382">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, May 2014, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 37</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and               Contingent Assets</ph></ph>—measurement of liabilities arising from emission trading           schemes’</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify the measurement of a           liability under IAS 37 that arises from an obligation to deliver allowances in an emission           trading scheme.</p>         <p>The request asked whether the measurement of the liability for the obligation to deliver           allowances should reflect current values of allowances at the end of each reporting period           if IAS 37 was applied to the liability. The request noted that this was the basis required             by <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRIC 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Emission Rights</ph></ph>, which was withdrawn in June           2005.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that when the IASB withdrew IFRIC 3, it affirmed that           IFRIC 3 was an appropriate interpretation of existing IFRS for accounting for the emission           trading schemes that were within the scope of IFRIC 3. However, the IASB acknowledged           that, as a consequence of following existing IFRS, IFRIC 3 had created unsatisfactory           measurement and reporting mismatches between assets and liabilities arising from emission           trading schemes.</p>         <p>In 2012, the IASB added to its agenda a research project on the accounting for emissions           trading schemes. The Interpretations Committee noted that one of the main issues in the           IASB’s project on emission trading schemes was whether the accounting for the liabilities           arising from emission trading schemes should be considered separately from the accounting           for the assets. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee noted that to provide an           interpretation of IFRS on the measurement of a liability arising from the obligation to           deliver allowances related to an emission trading scheme would be too broad an issue for           it to deal with.</p>         <p>On the basis of this analysis, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this           issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS37_47" id="IAS37_FN0008">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS37_P0383">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2011, Agenda           Decision, ‘IAS 37 <i>Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent           Assets</i>—inclusion of own credit risk in the discount rate’ </p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request for interpretation of the phrase ‘the           risks specific to the liability’ and whether this means that an entity’s own credit risk           (performance risk) should be excluded from any adjustments made to the discount rate used           to measure liabilities. The request assumed that future cash flow estimates have not been           adjusted for the entity’s own credit risk.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that paragraph 47 of IAS 37 states that ‘risks specific to the           liability’ should be taken into account in measuring the liability. The Committee noted           that IAS 37 does not explicitly state whether or not own credit risk should be included.           The Committee understood that the predominant practice today is to exclude own credit           risk, which is generally viewed in practice as a risk of the entity rather than a risk           specific to the liability.</p>         <p>The Committee also noted that this request for guidance would be best addressed as part           of the Board’s project to replace IAS 37 with a new liabilities standard, and that the           Board is already considering the request for additional guidance to be incorporated into           this new standard. For this reason, the Committee decided not to add this issue to its           agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS37_FN0009">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS37_P0384">[IFRIC®——items not added to the agenda,           December 2003, ‘Onerous contracts—operating leases and other executory contracts’</p>         <p>In December 2003, the IFRIC considered whether it should add to its agenda the           requirements of IAS 37 relating to onerous contracts. The IFRIC had a preliminary           discussion on the scope of this issue, the underlying rationale for recognising such a           provision and how the provision should be measured.</p>         <p>The IFRIC agreed that this issue should not be added to its agenda, but agreed that the           points raised in its discussion should be brought to the Board’s attention, including the           interaction with the revision of IAS 37 in the convergence project.</p>         <p>Given the limited scope of the IAS 37 convergence project, the Board decided that it           should not make fundamental changes to the requirements for onerous contracts. It also           noted that it had two projects on its active agenda (leasing and revenue recognition) that           could affect these requirements. Nonetheless, the Board is considering additional guidance           to the existing requirements to make it clear that if a contract becomes onerous as a           result of an entity’s own actions, no provision is recognised until that action           occurs.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IAS37_19" id="EDUFN-ad2022-june-ias37">         <p>The Committee received a request asking whether particular measures to encourage           reductions in vehicle carbon emissions give rise to obligations that meet the definition           of a liability in IAS 37.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">The request</p>         <p>The request described government measures that apply to entities that produce or import           passenger vehicles for sale in a specified market. Under the measures, entities receive           positive credits if, in a calendar year, they have produced or imported vehicles whose           average fuel emissions are lower than a government target. Entities receive negative           credits if, in that year, they have produced or imported vehicles whose average fuel           emissions are higher than the target.</p>         <p>The measures require an entity that receives negative credits for one year to eliminate           these negative credits by obtaining and surrendering positive credits. The entity can           obtain positive credits either by purchasing them from another entity or by generating           them itself in the next year (by producing or importing more low-emission vehicles). If           the entity fails to eliminate its negative credits, the government can impose sanctions on           the entity. These sanctions would not require payment of fines or penalties, or any other           outflow of resources embodying economic benefits, but could deny the entity opportunities           in the future, for example by restricting the entity’s access to the market.</p>         <p>The request considered the position of an entity that has produced or imported vehicles           with average fuel emissions higher than the government target, and asked whether such an           entity has a present obligation that meets the definition of a liability in IAS 37.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Applicable requirements</p>         <p>Paragraph 10 of IAS 37:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>defines a liability as ‘a present obligation of the entity               arising from past events, the settlement of which is expected to result in an outflow               from the entity of resources embodying economic benefits’;</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>distinguishes legal obligations (which derive from a               contract, legislation or other operation of law) from constructive obligations (which               derive from an entity’s actions); and</p></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>defines an obligating event as ‘an event that creates a               legal or constructive obligation that results in an entity having no realistic               alternative to settling that obligation’.</p></li></ol>         <p>An entity has no realistic alternative to settling an obligation only where settlement           can be enforced by law or, in the case of a constructive obligation, where the entity’s           actions have created valid expectations in other parties that the entity will discharge           the obligation (paragraph 17 of IAS 37).</p>         <p>The Committee observed that, in determining whether it has a liability, the entity           described in the request would consider:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>whether settling an obligation to eliminate negative credits               would result in an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits;</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>which event creates a present obligation to eliminate               negative credits; and</p></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>whether the entity has no realistic alternative to settling               the obligation.</p></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee’s conclusions</p>         <p><i>Outflow of resources embodying economic benefits</i></p>         <p>An entity can settle an obligation to eliminate negative credits either by purchasing           credits from another entity or by generating positive credits itself in the next year. The           Committee concluded that either method of settling the obligation would result in an           outflow of resources embodying economic benefits. These resources are the positive credits           the entity would surrender to eliminate the negative balance. The entity could otherwise           have used self-generated positive credits for other purposes—for example, to sell to other           entities with negative credits.</p>         <p><i>The event that creates a present obligation</i></p>         <p>The definition of a liability in IAS 37 requires an entity to have a ‘present obligation           … arising from past events’. Paragraph 19 of IAS 37 adds that it is only those obligations           arising from past events existing independently of an entity’s future actions that meet           the definition of a liability. Two IFRIC Interpretations of IAS 37 provide further           relevant requirements—they address specific types of government-imposed charges and           specify which events give rise to a present obligation for these types of charges:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRIC 6</ph>                 <ph outputclass="standard_title">Liabilities arising from Participating in a                   Specific Market—Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment</ph></ph> addresses a               charge for the cost of waste management. Legislation links the charge to an entity’s               participation in a specified market in a specified period. The consensus in IFRIC 6 is               that an obligation arises when an entity conducts the activity to which the charge is               linked.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRIC 21</ph>                 <ph outputclass="standard_title">Levies</ph></ph> addresses levies imposed by               governments. The consensus in IFRIC 21 is that the event that gives rise to a               liability to pay a levy is the activity that triggers the payment of the levy, as               identified in the applicable legislation.</p></li></ol>         <p>In the fact pattern described in the request, the activity that triggers a requirement to           eliminate negative credits (or in other words, the activity to which the measures link           that requirement) is the production or import of vehicles with average fuel emissions           higher than the government target. If in a calendar year an entity has produced or           imported vehicles with average fuel emissions higher than the government target, an           obligation:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>has arisen from past events.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>exists independently of the entity’s future actions (the               future conduct of its business). The entity’s future actions will determine only the               means by which the entity settles its present obligation—whether it purchases positive               credits from another entity or generates positive credits itself by producing or               importing more low-emission vehicles.</p></li></ol>         <p>Therefore, the Committee concluded that, in the fact pattern described in the request,           the activity that gives rise to a present obligation is the production or import of           vehicles whose fuel emissions, averaged for all the vehicles produced or imported in that           calendar year, are higher than the government target.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that a present obligation could arise at any date within a           calendar year (on the basis of the entity’s production or import activities to that date),           not only at the end of the calendar year.</p>         <p><i>No realistic alternative to settling an obligation</i></p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the measures described in the request could give rise to a           legal obligation:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>obligations that arise under the measures derive from an               operation of law; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>the sanctions the government can impose under the measures               would be the mechanism by which settlement may be enforceable by law. </p></li></ol>         <p>An entity would have a legal obligation that is enforceable by law if accepting the           possible sanctions for non-settlement is not a realistic alternative for that entity.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that determining whether accepting sanctions is a realistic           alternative for an entity requires judgement—the conclusion will depend on the nature of           the sanctions and the entity’s specific circumstances.</p>         <p><i>The possibility of a constructive obligation</i></p>         <p>The Committee concluded that, if an entity determines that it has no legal obligation to           eliminate its negative credits, it would then need to consider whether it has a           constructive obligation to do so. It would have a constructive obligation if it has           both:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>in a calendar year, produced or imported vehicles with               average fuel emissions higher than the government target; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>taken an action that creates valid expectations in other               parties that it will eliminate the resulting negative credits—for example, made a               sufficiently specific current statement that it will do so.</p></li></ol>         <p><i>Other IAS 37 requirements</i></p>         <p>The request asked only whether the government measures give rise to obligations that meet           the definition of a liability in IAS 37. The Committee observed that, having identified           such an obligation, an entity would apply other requirements in IAS 37 to determine how to           measure the liability. The Committee did not discuss these other requirements.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Accounting Standards           provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine whether, in the fact pattern           described in the request, it has an obligation that meets the definition of a liability in           IAS 37. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project to the           work plan.]</p>       </fn>     </bodydiv></body></topic>