<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="F7283986" principles="no" id="IFRS01_IG22"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>IG22</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 1"/><data name="paranum" value="IG22"/></prolog><body><p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS01_P0838">The following examples illustrate the effect of <xref base="F15827696" href="IFRS01_APPC.dita#IFRS01_APPC" id="IFRS01_X1129">Appendix C</xref> of the IFRS, assuming that a first‑time adopter uses the exemption.</p><table base="SL15648647" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS01_TAB0003"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" valign="top">               IG Example 2 Business combination             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F20636407" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0842"><b>Background</b></p>               <p base="F7283990" id="IFRS01_P0843">Entity B’s first IFRS financial statements are for a period that ends on 31 December 20X5 and include comparative information                                  for 20X4 only. On 1 July 20X1, entity B acquired 100 per cent of subsidiary C. In accordance with its previous GAAP, entity B:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F7283992" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS01_L0089"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F7283993" id="IFRS01_P0844">classified the business combination as an acquisition by entity B.</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F7283995" id="IFRS01_P0845">measured the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the following amounts in accordance with previous GAAP at 31 December 20X3 (date of transition to IFRSs):</p>                   <ol outputclass="static" base="F7283997" type="lower-roman" id="IFRS01_L0090"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>                       <p base="F7283998" id="IFRS01_P0846">identifiable assets less liabilities for which IFRSs require cost‑based measurement at a date after the business combination: CU200 (with a tax base of CU150 and an applicable tax rate of 30 per cent).</p>                     </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>                       <p base="F7284000" id="IFRS01_P0847">pension liability (for which the present value of the defined benefit obligation measured in accordance with <xref base="F77794080" href="../ias19/IAS19_TOC0001.dita#IAS19_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X1132">IAS 19 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Employee Benefits</ph></ph></xref> is CU130 and the fair value of plan assets is CU100): nil (because entity B used a pay as you go cash method of accounting for pensions in accordance with its previous GAAP). The tax base of the pension liability is also nil.</p>                     </li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value>                       <p base="F7284002" id="IFRS01_P0848">goodwill: CU180.</p>                     </li></ol>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <ol outputclass="static" base="F33342569" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS01_L0091"><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284004" id="IFRS01_P0849">did not, at the acquisition date, recognise deferred tax arising from temporary differences associated with the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed.</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F20636409" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0850"><b>Application of requirements</b></p>                              <p base="F7284006" id="IFRS01_P0852">In its opening (consolidated) IFRS statement of financial position, entity B: </p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F7284008" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS01_L0092"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284009" id="IFRS01_P0853">classifies the business combination as an acquisition by entity B even if the business combination would have qualified in accordance with <xref base="F15827731" href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X1134">IFRS 3</xref> as a reverse acquisition by subsidiary C (<xref base="F15827732" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1135">paragraph C4(a)</xref> of the IFRS).</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284011" id="IFRS01_P0854">does not adjust the accumulated amortisation of goodwill. Entity B tests the goodwill for impairment in accordance with <xref base="F15827733" href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X1136">IAS 36 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph></xref>                                          and recognises any resulting impairment loss, based on conditions that existed at the date of transition to IFRSs. If no impairment exists, the carrying amount of the goodwill remains at CU180 (<xref base="F15827735" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1138">paragraph C4(g)</xref> of the IFRS).</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284014" id="IFRS01_P0855">for those net identifiable assets acquired for which IFRSs require cost‑based measurement at a date after the business combination, treats their carrying amount in accordance with previous GAAP immediately after the business combination as their deemed cost at that date (<xref base="F15827736" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1139">paragraph C4(e)</xref> of the IFRS).</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284016" id="IFRS01_P0856">does not restate the accumulated depreciation and amortisation of the net identifiable assets in (c), unless the depreciation methods and rates in accordance with previous GAAP result in amounts that differ materially from those required in accordance with IFRSs (for example, if they were adopted solely for tax purposes and do not reflect a reasonable estimate of the asset’s useful life in accordance with IFRSs). If no such restatement is made, the carrying amount of those assets in the opening IFRS statement of financial position equals their carrying amount in accordance with previous GAAP at the date of transition to IFRSs (CU200) (<xref base="F15827737" href="IFRS01_IG7.dita#IFRS01_IG7" id="IFRS01_X1140">paragraph IG7</xref>).                                        </p>                 </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284018" id="IFRS01_P0857">if there is any indication that identifiable assets are impaired, tests those assets for impairment, based on conditions that existed at the date of transition to IFRSs (see <xref base="F15827769" href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X1142">IAS 36</xref>).</p>                   <p base="F23919076" id="IFRS01_P0858">                                        </p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" valign="top">               <ol outputclass="static" base="F42887040" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS01_L0093"><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284020" id="IFRS01_P0859">recognises the pension liability, and measures it, at the present value of the defined benefit obligation (CU130) less the fair value of the plan assets (CU100), giving a carrying amount of CU30, with a corresponding debit of CU30 to retained earnings (<xref base="F15827773" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1144">paragraph C4(d)</xref> of the IFRS). However, if subsidiary C had already adopted IFRSs in an earlier period, entity B would measure the pension liability at the same amount as in subsidiary C’s financial statements (<xref base="F15827774" href="IFRS01_D17.dita#IFRS01_D17" id="IFRS01_X1145">paragraph D17</xref> of the IFRS and <xref base="F15827775" href="IFRS01_IG29.dita#IFRS01_IG29/IFRS01_TAB0011" id="IFRS01_X1146">IG Example 9</xref>).</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284022" id="IFRS01_P0860">recognises a net deferred tax liability of CU6 (CU20 at 30 per cent) arising from: </p>                   <ol outputclass="static" base="F7284024" type="lower-roman" id="IFRS01_L0094"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>                       <p base="F7284025" id="IFRS01_P0861">the taxable temporary difference of CU50 (CU200 less CU150) associated with the identifiable assets acquired and non‑pension liabilities assumed, less</p>                     </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>                       <p base="F7284027" id="IFRS01_P0862">the deductible temporary difference of CU30 (CU30 less nil) associated with the pension liability.</p>                     </li></ol>                   <p base="F7284028" id="IFRS01_P0863">The entity recognises the resulting increase in the deferred tax liability as a deduction from retained earnings (<xref base="F15827776" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1147">paragraph C4(k)</xref> of the IFRS). If a taxable temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of the goodwill, entity B does not recognise the resulting deferred tax liability (<xref base="F15827933" href="../ias12/IAS12_15.dita#IAS12_15" id="IFRS01_X1148">paragraph 15(a) of IAS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Income Taxes</ph></ph></xref>).</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table base="SL15648650" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS01_TAB0004"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1">               IG Example 3 Business combination—restructuring provision             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F20514039" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0865"><b>Background</b></p>               <p base="F7284032" id="IFRS01_P0866">Entity D’s first IFRS financial statements are for a period that ends on 31 December 20X5 and include comparative information                                  for 20X4 only. On 1 July 20X3, entity D acquired 100 per cent of subsidiary E. In accordance with its previous GAAP, entity D recognised an (undiscounted) restructuring provision                                  of CU100 that would not have qualified as an identifiable liability in accordance with IFRS 3.                                  The recognition of this restructuring provision increased goodwill by CU100. At 31 December 20X3 (date of transition to IFRSs), entity D:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F7284034" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS01_L0095"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284035" id="IFRS01_P0867">had paid restructuring costs of CU60; and</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284037" id="IFRS01_P0868">estimated that it would pay further costs of CU40 in 20X4, and that the effects of discounting were immaterial. At 31 December 20X3, those further costs did not qualify for recognition as a provision in accordance with <xref base="F15827937" href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X1152">IAS 37 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph></xref>.                                        </p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F20636412" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0869"><b>Application of requirements</b></p>                              <p base="F7284041" id="IFRS01_P0871">In its opening IFRS statement of financial position, entity D:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F7284043" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS01_L0096"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284044" id="IFRS01_P0872">does not recognise a restructuring provision (<xref base="F15827995" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1155">paragraph C4(c)</xref> of the IFRS).</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284046" id="IFRS01_P0873">does not adjust the amount assigned to goodwill. However, entity D tests the goodwill for impairment in accordance with <xref base="F15827996" href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X1156">IAS 36 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph></xref>,                                          and recognises any resulting impairment loss (<xref base="F15827999" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1158">paragraph C4(g)</xref> of the IFRS).</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284048" id="IFRS01_P0874">as a result of (a) and (b), reports retained earnings in its opening IFRS statement of financial position that are higher by CU40 (before income taxes, and before recognising any impairment loss) than in the statement of financial position at the same date in accordance with previous GAAP.</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table base="SL15648653" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS01_TAB0005"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" valign="top">               IG Example 4 Business combination—intangible assets             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F23924440" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0876"><b>Background</b></p>               <p base="F7284051" id="IFRS01_P0877">Entity F’s first IFRS financial statements are for a period that ends on 31 December 20X5 and include comparative information                                  for 20X4 only. On 1 July 20X1 entity F acquired 75 per cent of subsidiary G. In accordance with its previous GAAP, entity F assigned an initial carrying amount of CU200 to intangible assets that would not have qualified for recognition in accordance with <xref base="F15828001" href="../ias38/IAS38_TOC0001.dita#IAS38_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X1160">IAS 38 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Intangible Assets</ph></ph></xref>.                                  The tax base of the intangible assets was nil, giving rise to a deferred tax liability (at 30 per cent) of CU60.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F7284052" id="IFRS01_P0878">On 31 December 20X3 (the date of transition to IFRSs) the carrying amount of the intangible assets in accordance with previous GAAP was CU160, and the carrying amount of the related deferred tax liability was CU48 (30 per cent of CU160).</p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F20636418" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0879"><b>Application of requirements</b></p>                              <p base="F7284054" id="IFRS01_P0881">Because the intangible assets do not qualify for recognition as separate assets in accordance with IAS 38, entity F transfers them to goodwill, together with the related deferred tax liability (CU48) and non‑controlling interests (<xref base="F15828030" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1164">paragraph C4(g)(i)</xref> of the IFRS). The related non‑controlling interests amount to CU28 (25 per cent of [CU160 – CU48 = CU112]). Thus, the increase in goodwill is CU84—intangible assets (CU160) less deferred tax liability (CU48) less non‑controlling interests (CU28).</p>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F7284055" id="IFRS01_P0882">Entity F tests the goodwill for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph>                                  and recognises any resulting impairment loss, based on conditions that existed at the date of transition to IFRSs (<xref base="F15828034" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1166">paragraph C4(g)(ii)</xref> of the IFRS).</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table base="SL15648656" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS01_TAB0006"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" valign="top">               IG Example 5 Business combination—goodwill deducted from equity and treatment of related intangible assets             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F23924439" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0884"><b>Background</b></p>               <p base="F7284059" id="IFRS01_P0885">Entity H acquired a subsidiary before the date of transition to IFRSs. In accordance with its previous GAAP, entity H: </p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F7284061" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS01_L0097"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284062" id="IFRS01_P0886">recognised goodwill as an immediate deduction from equity;</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284064" id="IFRS01_P0887">recognised an intangible asset of the subsidiary that does not qualify for recognition as an asset in accordance with <xref base="F15827890" href="../ias38/IAS38_TOC0001.dita#IAS38_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X1167">IAS 38 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Intangible Assets</ph></ph></xref>;                                          and</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284067" id="IFRS01_P0888">did not recognise an intangible asset of the subsidiary that would qualify in accordance with IAS 38 for recognition as an asset in the financial statements of the subsidiary. The subsidiary held the asset at the date of its acquisition by entity H.</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F20636414" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0889"><b>Application of requirements</b></p>                              <p base="F7284070" id="IFRS01_P0891">In its opening IFRS statement of financial position, entity H: </p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F7284072" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS01_L0098"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284074" id="IFRS01_P0892">does not recognise the goodwill, as it did not recognise the goodwill as an asset in accordance with previous GAAP (<xref base="F16450195" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1171">paragraph C4(g)–(i)</xref> of the IFRS).</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284076" id="IFRS01_P0893">does not recognise the intangible asset that does not qualify for recognition as an asset in accordance with <xref base="F15827930" href="../ias38/IAS38_TOC0001.dita#IAS38_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X1172">IAS 38</xref>. Because entity H deducted goodwill from equity in accordance with its previous GAAP, the elimination of this intangible asset reduces retained earnings (<xref base="F15827932" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1173">paragraph C4(c)(ii)</xref> of the IFRS).</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284078" id="IFRS01_P0894">recognises the intangible asset that qualifies in accordance with IAS 38 for recognition as an asset in the financial statements of the subsidiary, even though the amount assigned to it in accordance with previous GAAP in entity H’s consolidated financial statements was nil (<xref base="F15828035" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1174">paragraph C4(f)</xref> of the IFRS). The recognition criteria in IAS 38 include the availability of a reliable measurement of cost (<xref base="F15828036" href="IFRS01_IG45.dita#IFRS01_IG45" id="IFRS01_X1175">paragraphs IG45–IG48</xref>) and entity H measures the asset at cost less accumulated depreciation and less any impairment losses identified in accordance with <xref base="F15827931" href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X1176">IAS 36 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph></xref>. Because entity H deducted goodwill from equity in accordance with its previous GAAP, the recognition of this intangible asset increases retained earnings (<xref base="F15828119" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1177">paragraph C4(c)(ii)</xref> of the IFRS). However, if this intangible asset had been subsumed in goodwill recognised as an asset in accordance with previous GAAP, entity H would have decreased the carrying amount of that goodwill accordingly (and, if applicable, adjusted deferred tax and non‑controlling interests) (<xref base="F15828120" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1178">paragraph C4(g)(i)</xref> of the IFRS).</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table base="SL15648659" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS01_TAB0007"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" valign="top">               IG Example 6 Business combination—subsidiary not consolidated in accordance with previous GAAP             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F23924048" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0896"><b>Background</b></p>               <p base="F7284081" id="IFRS01_P0897">Parent J’s date of transition to IFRSs is 1 January 20X4. In accordance with its previous GAAP, parent J did not consolidate its 75 per cent subsidiary K, acquired in a business combination on 15 July 20X1. On 1 January 20X4: </p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F7284083" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS01_L0099"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284084" id="IFRS01_P0898">the cost of parent J’s investment in subsidiary K is CU180.</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284086" id="IFRS01_P0899">in accordance with IFRSs, subsidiary K would measure its assets at CU500 and its liabilities (including deferred tax in accordance with <xref base="F15828121" href="../ias12/IAS12_TOC0001.dita#IAS12_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X1179">IAS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Income Taxes</ph></ph></xref>) at CU300. On this basis, subsidiary K’s net assets are CU200 in accordance with IFRSs.</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="F20636419" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0900"><b>Application of requirements</b></p>                              <p base="F7284089" id="IFRS01_P0902">Parent J consolidates subsidiary K. The consolidated statement of financial position at 1 January 20X4 includes: </p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F7284091" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS01_L0100"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284092" id="IFRS01_P0903">subsidiary K’s assets at CU500 and liabilities at CU300;</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284094" id="IFRS01_P0904">non‑controlling interests of CU50 (25 per cent of [CU500 – CU300]); and</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>                   <p base="F7284096" id="IFRS01_P0905">goodwill of CU30 (cost of CU180 less 75 per cent of [CU500 – CU300]) (<xref base="F68102771" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1181">paragraph C4(j)</xref> of the IFRS). Parent J tests the goodwill for impairment in accordance with <xref base="F15828122" href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001" id="IFRS01_X1182">IAS 36<ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Impairment of Assets</ph></ph></xref>                                          and recognises any resulting impairment loss, based on conditions that existed at the date of transition to IFRSs (<xref base="F15828125" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1184">paragraph C4(g)(ii)</xref> of the IFRS).</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><variants id="IFRS01_TAB0008">              <table base="SL46426959" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS01_TAB0009_V2"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1">                 IG Example 7 Business combination—lease in which the acquiree was a lessee not capitalised in accordance with previous GAAP               </entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">                 <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS01_P0913"><b>Background</b> </p>               </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">                 <p base="F46426964" id="IFRS01_P0914">Parent L’s date of transition to IFRSs is 1 January 20X4. Parent L acquired subsidiary M on 15 January 20X1 and did not capitalise leases in which subsidiary M was a lessee. If subsidiary M prepared financial statements in accordance with IFRSs, it would recognise lease liabilities of CU300 and right‑of‑use assets of CU250 at 1 January 20X4.</p>               </entry></row><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">                 <p base="F46426966" id="IFRS01_P0915"><sansserif><b>Application of requirements</b></sansserif></p>                                  <p base="F46426971" id="IFRS01_P0917">Parent L has elected not to apply the transition reliefs in <xref base="F46976694" href="IFRS01_gD9-D10-D11.dita#IFRS01_gD9-D10-D11/IFRS01_gD9-D10-D11_TI" id="IFRS01_X1188">paragraphs D9</xref> and <ph><xref href="IFRS01_gD9-D10-D11.dita#IFRS01_gD9-D10-D11/IFRS01_gD9-D10-D11" scope="local">D9B–D9E</xref></ph> of this Standard. In its consolidated opening IFRS statement of financial position, parent L recognises lease liabilities of CU300 and right‑of‑use assets of CU250, and charges CU50 to retained earnings (<xref base="F46426972" href="IFRS01_C4.dita#IFRS01_C4" id="IFRS01_X1190">paragraph C4(f)</xref>).</p>               </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>     </variants></body></paragraph>