<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS12_BC120" base="F16131652" principles="no"><paranum>BC120</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 12"/><data name="paranum" value="BC120"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS12_P0585" outputclass="keep_with_next">The main changes from the exposure drafts ED 9 and ED 10 are:</p><ol id="IFRS12_L0065" base="F16131654" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0586" base="F16131655">The disclosure requirements for subsidiaries, joint arrangements, associates and unconsolidated structured entities are included in IFRS 12, separately from the accounting requirements relating to an entity&#x2019;s interests in those entities. ED 9 and ED 10 had proposed that the disclosure requirements would be located with the accounting requirements in IAS 28, IFRS 10 and IFRS 11. (<xref id="IFRS12_X0577" base="F16229870" href="IFRS12_BC7.dita#IFRS12_BC7">paragraphs BC7 and BC8</xref>)</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0587" base="F16131657">IFRS 12 includes application guidance dealing with the aggregation of information disclosed in accordance with the requirements of the IFRS.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0588" base="F16131659">IFRS 12 requires the disclosure of significant judgements and assumptions made in determining whether an entity has a special relationship (ie control, joint control or significant influence) with another entity. ED 10 had proposed disclosure of the basis of an entity&#x2019;s assessment of whether it controls another entity in particular scenarios. (<xref id="IFRS12_X0578" base="F16229871" href="IFRS12_gBC14-BC19.dita#IFRS12_gBC14-BC19">paragraphs BC14&#x2013;BC19</xref>)</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0589" base="F16131661">IFRS 12 requires the disclosure of summarised financial information for subsidiaries that have non&#x2011;controlling interests that are material to the entity. ED 9 had proposed disclosing a list of significant subsidiaries. (<xref id="IFRS12_X0579" base="F16229872" href="IFRS12_gBC21-BC29.dita#IFRS12_gBC21-BC29">paragraphs BC21&#x2013;BC29</xref>)</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0590" base="F16131663">IFRS 12 requires disclosure of the nature of, and risks associated with, an entity&#x2019;s interests in consolidated structured entities. (<xref id="IFRS12_X0580" base="F16229873" href="IFRS12_gBC34-BC36.dita#IFRS12_gBC34-BC36">paragraphs BC34&#x2013;BC36</xref>)</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0591" base="F16131665">IFRS 12 requires the disclosure of summarised financial information for each material joint venture and associate, and requires more detailed information for joint ventures than for associates. ED 9 had proposed less detailed summarised financial information for each material joint venture and summarised financial information in aggregate for associates. (<xref id="IFRS12_X0581" base="F16229874" href="IFRS12_gBC47-BC52.dita#IFRS12_gBC47-BC52">paragraphs BC47&#x2013;BC52</xref>)</p></li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0592" base="F16131668">IFRS 12 requires entities that are venture capital organisations, mutual funds, unit trusts and similar entities to provide all the disclosures relating to interests in joint ventures and associates. ED 9 proposed that such entities would be required to provide only some of the disclosures relating to interests in joint ventures and associates. (<xref id="IFRS12_X0582" base="F16229875" href="IFRS12_gBC59-BC60.dita#IFRS12_gBC59-BC60">paragraphs BC59 and BC60</xref>)</p></li><li><li_value>(h)</li_value> <p id="IFRS12_P0593" base="F16131670">IFRS 12 does not require the disclosure of the reported amount of assets held by structured entities in which an entity has an interest. ED 10 had proposed disclosing such information. (<xref id="IFRS12_X0583" base="F16229876" href="IFRS12_gBC96-BC96.dita#IFRS12_gBC96-BC96">paragraph BC96</xref>)</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>