<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS15_IE33" base="F31740151"><paranum>IE33</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="IE33"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS15_P0934">An entity enters into a three-year contract to clean a customer&#x2019;s offices on a weekly basis. The customer promises to pay CU100,000 per year. The stand-alone selling price of the services at contract inception is CU100,000 per year. The entity recognises revenue of CU100,000 per year during the first two years of providing services. At the end of the second year, the contract is modified and the fee for the third year is reduced to CU80,000. In addition, the customer agrees to extend the contract for three additional years for consideration of CU200,000 payable in three equal annual instalments of CU66,667 at the beginning of years 4, 5 and 6. After the modification, the contract has four years remaining in exchange for total consideration of CU280,000. The stand-alone selling price of the services at the beginning of the third year is CU80,000 per year. The entity&#x2019;s stand-alone selling price at the beginning of the third year, multiplied by the remaining number of years to provide services, is deemed to be an appropriate estimate of the stand-alone selling price of the multi-year contract (ie the stand-alone selling price is 4 years × CU80,000 per year = CU320,000).</p></body></paragraph>