<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS17" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title level="2" id="IFRS17_TI" class="- topic/title "><ph class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 17 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Insurance Contracts</i> and         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Amendments to IFRS 17</i></ph></title><body class="- topic/body "><p class="- topic/p ">IFRS 17 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Insurance Contracts</i> applies to: insurance contracts, including reinsurance contracts, issued by an entity with specified exceptions; reinsurance contracts held by an entity; and investment contracts with discretionary participation features issued by an entity that issues insurance contracts. An insurance contract is defined as ‘a contract under which one party (the issuer) accepts significant insurance risk from another party (the policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the policyholder if a specified uncertain future event (the insured event) adversely affects the policyholder’.</p><p class="- topic/p ">In the statement of financial position, an entity is required to measure profitable insurance contracts at the risk-adjusted present value of the future cash flows plus unearned profit for services to be provided under the contract.</p><p class="- topic/p ">IFRS 17 requires an entity to recognise profit from a group of insurance contracts over the period the entity provides services, and as the entity is released from risk. If a group of contracts is or becomes loss-making, the entity is required to recognise the loss immediately.</p><p class="- topic/p ">The Accounting Standard also requires insurance revenue, insurance service expenses, and       insurance finance income or expenses to be presented separately.</p><variant class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant ">       <p class="- topic/p ">Since the <ph class="- topic/ph ">IASB</ph> issued         IFRS 17 in May 2017, it has been carrying out activities to support entities and monitor         their progress in implementing the Accounting Standard. These activities helped the <ph class="- topic/ph ">IASB</ph> to understand the         concerns and challenges that some entities identified while implementing the Accounting         Standard. The <ph class="- topic/ph ">IASB</ph>         considered these concerns and challenges and decided to amend IFRS 17. The objective of the         amendments is to assist entities implementing the Accounting Standard, while not unduly         disrupting implementation or diminishing the usefulness of the information provided by         applying IFRS 17.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">IFRS 17, as amended in June 2020 and December 2021, is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or         after 1 January 2023.</p>     </variant></body></topic>