<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="d5e47681"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv base="standard"><fn id="IFRS17_FN0001">       <p id="IFRS17_P6618">CU denotes currency unit.</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_FN0002">       <p id="IFRS17_P6619">Insurance contracts can be assets or liabilities depending on the         timing of their cash flows. For simplicity, this Basis generally describes the carrying         amount as a liability.</p>     </fn>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="IE"><fn id="IFRS17_IE104_FN0001">       <p>There is no prescribed method for the calculation of the time value of a guarantee, and a         calculation of an amount separate from the rest of the fulfilment cash flows is not         required.</p>     </fn></bodydiv><bodydiv base="BC"><fn id="IFRS17_BC21_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to require an entity to recognise an amount of         the contractual service margin in profit or loss in each period to reflect the insurance         contract services provided in that period (see paragraphs BC283A‒BC283J).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC25_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended the definition of a liability for remaining coverage to         include amounts for which an entity will provide investment-return service or         investment-related service (see paragraphs BC283A‒BC283J).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC33_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended the definition of an investment component to clarify that         an investment component is the amounts that an insurance contract requires the entity to         repay to a policyholder in all circumstances, regardless of whether an insured event         occurs (see paragraph BC34A).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC33_FN0002" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended paragraph B123 of IFRS 17 to clarify that changes caused         by cash flows from loans to policyholders do not give rise to insurance revenue. This         treatment is similar to the treatment of investment components.</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_FN0003">       <p id="IFRS17_P6620">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>         (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual           Framework</ph></ph>) in this Basis for Conclusions are to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for               Financial Reporting</ph></ph>, issued in 2010 and in effect when the Standard was         developed.</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC79_FN0002">       <p id="IFRS17_BC79_FN0002_P0001">Amendments to the definition of material in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for           Financial Reporting</ph></ph> were issued in October 2018.</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC102_BC110_BC111_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 and replaced ‘non-insurance services’ with         ‘services other than insurance contract services’ (see paragraphs BC283A‒BC283J).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC108_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended the definition of an investment component to clarify that         an investment component is the amounts that an insurance contract requires the entity to         repay to a policyholder in all circumstances, regardless of whether an insured event         occurs (see paragraph BC34A).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC109_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended paragraph 11(b) of IFRS 17 to clarify that an entity         applies IFRS 17 to a separated investment component if that component meets the definition         of an investment contract with discretionary participation features within the scope of         IFRS 17.</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC110_FN0002" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to require entities to separate only goods and         services that are distinct from the provision of insurance contract services (see         paragraphs BC283A‒BC283J).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC122_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to require an entity to recognise an amount of         the contractual service margin in profit or loss in each period to reflect insurance         contract services provided in that period (see paragraphs BC283A‒BC283J).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC144_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended the definition of a coverage period to be the period         during which the entity provides insurance contract services (see paragraphs         BC283A‒BC283I).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC145_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended the requirements relating to assets for insurance         acquisition cash flows (see paragraphs BC184A‒BC184K). The Board also specified that an         entity recognises an asset for insurance acquisition cash flows paid (or for which a         liability has been recognised applying another IFRS Standard) (see paragraphs         BC184L‒BC184N).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC160_BC162_BC163_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended the definition of a coverage period to be the period         during which the entity provides insurance contract services (see paragraphs         BC283A‒BC283J).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC174_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>When developing the June 2020 amendments to IFRS 17, the Board considered but rejected         suggestions to exempt from the annual cohort requirement insurance contracts with         intergenerational sharing of risks (see paragraphs BC139I‒BC139S). These considerations         were similar to those in developing the Standard as described in paragraph BC174.</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC176_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>An asset for insurance acquisition cash flows is derecognised when those insurance         acquisition cash flows are included in the measurement of the group of insurance contracts         to which they have been allocated. In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 so that         allocation reflects an entity’s expectations about future contract renewals (see         paragraphs BC184A‒BC184K).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC177_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to clarify that insurance acquisition cash flows         paid before a group of insurance contracts is recognised cannot be a liability.</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC180_BC184_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to include specific requirements relating to an         asset for insurance acquisition cash flows recognised before a group of insurance         contracts is recognised (see paragraphs BC184A‒BC184K).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC224_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended paragraph B96(d) of IFRS 17 to clarify that if an entity         chooses to disaggregate changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk between the         insurance service result and insurance finance income or expenses, the entity should         adjust the contractual service margin only for the changes related to non-financial risk         (and not for changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk that result from the         effects of the time value of money).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC235_FN0001">       <p>Paragraph B96(c) of IFRS 17 requires changes in fulfilment cash flows that arise from         differences between any investment component expected to become payable in the period and         the actual investment component that becomes payable in the period to adjust the         contractual service margin. In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to specify that         paragraph B96(c) of IFRS 17 does not apply to insurance finance income or expenses that         depict the effect on the investment component of the time value of money and financial         risk between the beginning of the period and the unexpected payment or non-payment of the         investment component.</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC236_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended the requirements relating to the effect of accounting         estimates made in interim financial statements (see paragraphs BC236A‒BC236D).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC249_FN0001">       <p>The Board subsequently reaffirmed this view when it considered similar feedback from         entities implementing IFRS 17 (see paragraph BC249C).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC255_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to clarify that an entity ceases to apply the         risk mitigation option if, and only if, the conditions described in paragraph BC255 cease         to be met.</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC255_FN0002" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 so that the risk mitigation option also applies         in specified circumstances when an entity mitigates financial risk using reinsurance         contracts held or non-derivative financial instruments measured at fair value through         profit or loss (see paragraphs BC256A‒BC256F).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC265-BC269_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>When developing the June 2020 amendments to IFRS 17, the Board noted that some entities         described in practice as mutual entities do not have the feature that the most residual         interest of the entity is due to a policyholder (see paragraphs BC269A‒BC269C). Paragraphs         BC265‒BC269 describe the outcome of applying IFRS 17 for entities for which the most         residual interest of the entity is due to a policyholder.</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC279_BC280_BC283_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended the definition of a coverage period to be the period         during which the entity provides insurance contract services (see paragraphs         BC283A‒BC283J).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC284_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended paragraphs 48(a) and 50(b) of IFRS 17 for measuring         onerous insurance contracts to clarify that those paragraphs relate to both changes in         estimates of future cash flows and changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial         risk.</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC292_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended the definition of a coverage period to be the period         during which the entity provides insurance contract services (see paragraphs         BC283A‒BC283J).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC324_BC325_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to replace references to ‘a business combination’         in paragraphs 39 and B93‒B95 of IFRS 17 with ‘a business combination within the scope of         IFRS 3’ (see paragraph BC327A).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC328_BC329_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to require an entity to present separately         portfolios of insurance contracts that are assets and portfolios of insurance contracts         that are liabilities (see paragraphs BC330A‒BC330B).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC332_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to require an entity to recognise an amount of         the contractual service margin in profit or loss in each period to reflect the insurance         contract services provided in that period (see paragraph BC283H).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC348_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to correct the terminology used in paragraphs         128‒129 of IFRS 17 by replacing ‘risk exposures’ with ‘risk variables’.</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC363_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to require an entity to disclose when it expects         to recognise the contractual service margin remaining at the end of the reporting period         in profit or loss quantitatively, in appropriate time bands (see paragraph BC366B).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC365_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board extended the risk mitigation option to be applicable when an         entity uses reinsurance contracts held or non-derivative financial instruments measured at         fair value through profit or loss to mitigate financial risk (see paragraphs         BC256A‒BC256F).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC372_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to permit an entity that has the information to         apply a fully retrospective approach to instead apply the fair value approach for         transition for a group of insurance contracts with direct participation features when         specified conditions relating to risk mitigation are met (see paragraph BC393A).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC374_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to clarify that an entity recognises and measures         any assets for insurance acquisition cash flows as if IFRS 17 had always applied, except         that an entity is not required to assess the recoverability of any such assets before the         transition date (see paragraphs BC184A‒BC184K).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC382_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to permit an entity to assess whether a contract         meets the definition of an investment contract with discretionary participation features         either at the date of initial recognition of the contract or at the transition date. This         assessment is consistent with other assessments described in paragraph BC382.</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC386_FN0001">       <p>An entity applying the fair value approach is permitted to classify as a liability for         incurred claims a liability for the settlement of claims incurred before an insurance         contract was acquired in a transfer of insurance contracts that do not form a business or         in a business combination within the scope of IFRS 3 (see paragraph BC382A).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC393_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board extended the risk mitigation option to be applicable when an         entity uses reinsurance contracts held and non-derivative financial instruments measured         at fair value through profit or loss to mitigate financial risk (see paragraphs         BC256A‒BC256F).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC393_FN0002" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17 to require prospective application of the risk         mitigation option from the transition date instead of the date of initial application (see         paragraph BC393A).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC403_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board deferred the effective date of IFRS 17 by two years to require         entities to apply IFRS 17 for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January         2023 (see paragraphs BC404A‒BC404F).</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC406_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>In June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17. The reference to IFRS 15 in paragraph C1 of IFRS         17 was deleted, because IFRS 15 was effective at the time the June 2020 amendments were         issued.</p>     </fn><fn id="IFRS17_BC_APPA_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-3">       <p>This appendix compares IFRS 17 as issued in May 2017 with the 2013 Exposure Draft. In         June 2020, the Board amended IFRS 17. A list summarising the June 2020 amendments,         including references to the relevant paragraphs of this Basis for Conclusions, is included         in Appendix C.</p>     </fn>       <fn id="IFRS17_BC398A_FN001" base="IFRS2021-2"><p>In December 2021, the Board amended IFRS 17 to add a transition option relating to comparative           information about financial assets presented on initial application of IFRS 17 (see <xref href="IFRS17_gBC398G-BC398R.dita">paragraphs BC398G–BC398R</xref>).</p></fn>       <fn id="IFRS17_BC398B_FN001" base="IFRS2021-2"><p>In December 2021, the Board amended IFRS 17 to add a transition option relating to comparative           information about financial assets presented on initial application of IFRS 17 (see <xref href="IFRS17_gBC398G-BC398R.dita">paragraphs BC398G–BC398R</xref>).</p></fn></bodydiv></body></topic>