<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IFRS17_edu_footnotes"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv>       <fn base="IFRS17_119" id="EDUFN-ad2022-june-ifrs17">                  <p>The Committee received a request about a group of annuity contracts. The request asked           how an entity determines the amount of the contractual service margin to recognise in           profit or loss in a period because of the transfer of insurance coverage for survival in           that period.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next"><b>Fact pattern</b></p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The request described a group of annuity contracts under           which the policyholder of each contract:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>pays the premium up front and has no right to cancel the               contract or seek a refund;</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>receives a periodic payment from the start of the annuity               period for as long as the policyholder survives (for example, a fixed amount of CU100               for each year that the policyholder survives); and</p></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>receives no other services under the contract (for example,               no other types of insurance coverage or investment-return service).</p></li></ol>         <p>The fact pattern referred to groups of contracts for which the annuity period starts           immediately after contract inception (‘immediate annuity’) and also those for which the           annuity period starts on a specified date after contract inception (‘deferred           annuity’)—for example, a contract entered into in 2022 for which the annuity period starts           in 2042.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Applicable requirements in IFRS 17</p>         <p>Paragraph 44(e) of IFRS 17 requires an entity to adjust the carrying amount of the           contractual service margin for the amount recognised as insurance revenue because of the           transfer of insurance contract services in the period. The entity determines this amount           by allocating the contractual service margin over the current and remaining coverage           period applying paragraph B119 of IFRS 17.</p>         <p>Paragraph B119 of IFRS 17 states that an entity recognises in profit or loss in each           period an amount of the contractual service margin to reflect the insurance contract           services provided under the group of insurance contracts in that period. The amount is           determined by:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>identifying the coverage units in the group. The number of               coverage units in a group is the quantity of insurance contract services provided by               the contracts in the group, determined by considering for each contract the quantity               of the benefits provided under a contract and its expected coverage period.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>allocating the contractual service margin at the end of the               period equally to each coverage unit provided in the current period and expected to be               provided in the future.</p></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>recognising in profit or loss the amount allocated to               coverage units provided in the period.</p></li></ol>         <p>The definition of insurance contract services in Appendix A to IFRS 17 describes           insurance coverage as ‘coverage for an insured event’. An insured event is defined as ‘an           uncertain future event covered by an insurance contract that creates insurance risk’.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Methods for applying the requirements           to the fact pattern</p>         <p>The request sets out two methods of determining, for each contract in the group, the           quantity of the benefits of insurance coverage provided in the current period and expected           to be provided in the future.</p>         <p><i>Method 1</i></p>         <div>           <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_1"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/><colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/><thead><row><entry>                     Current period                   </entry><entry>                     Expected to be provided in the future                   </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>                     <p>Determined based on the annuity payment the policyholder is able to validly                       claim in the current period.</p>                   </entry><entry>                     <p>Determined based on the present value of the annuity payments the                       policyholder is expected to be able to validly claim in the future until the                       end of the coverage period (the balance of the expected future annuity                       payments as at the end of the current period).</p>                   </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>         </div>         <p><i>Method 2</i></p>         <div>           <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_2"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/><colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/><thead><row><entry>                     Current period                   </entry><entry>                     Expected to be provided in the future                   </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry>                     <p>Determined based on the total of: (i) the annuity payment the policyholder is                       able to validly claim in the current period, and (ii) the present value of the                       annuity payments the policyholder is expected to be able to validly claim in                       the future until the end of the coverage period (the balance of the expected                       future annuity payments as at the end of the current period).</p>                   </entry><entry>                     <p>Determined based on the present value of the balances of the expected future                       annuity payments as at the beginning of each future period, until the end of                       the coverage period.</p>                   </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>         </div>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Applying paragraph B119 of IFRS 17</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Applying paragraph B119(a) of IFRS 17, an entity:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>identifies the insurance contract services to be provided               under the group of contracts. In the fact pattern described in the request, insurance               coverage for survival is the only insurance contract service provided under the group               of contracts.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>considers the expected coverage period for each contract in               the group. In the fact pattern described in the request, the expected coverage period               would reflect the entity’s expectations of how long the policyholder will             survive.</p></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>considers the quantity of the benefits provided under each               contract in the group.</p></li></ol>         <p>IFRS 17 does not prescribe a method for determining the quantity of the benefits provided           under a contract. Instead, an entity is required to use a method that meets the principle           in paragraph B119 of reflecting the insurance contract services provided in each period.           In selecting a method that meets that principle, an entity considers (a) the benefits           provided to the policyholder under a contract with respect to the insurance contract           services provided, and (b) when those benefits are provided. Different methods may achieve           the principle depending on the facts and circumstances.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">In the fact pattern described in the request, the terms of           the annuity contract provide the policyholder with the right to claim a periodic amount           (CU100 in the example) from the start of the annuity period for as long as the           policyholder survives. Consequently, the Committee observed that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the benefits provided to the policyholder under the contract               with respect to the insurance coverage for survival are the policyholder’s right to               claim a periodic amount for as long as they survive. The policyholder also benefits               from transferring to the entity the risk related to the uncertainty about how long               they will survive. However, IFRS 17 requires an entity to account for that insurance               risk in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk, separately from the contractual               service margin.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>the benefits of being able to claim a periodic amount are               provided to the policyholder in each year of the policyholder’s survival from the               start of the annuity period:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>i.</li_value><p>the policyholder has no right to claim an amount for                   surviving in periods before the start of the annuity period. The entity accepts                   insurance risk from inception of the contract but provides no benefits to the                   policyholder in the form of amounts that can be claimed until the annuity period                   starts. Paragraphs BC140–BC141 of the Basis for Conclusions on IFRS 17 explain                   that an entity can accept insurance risk before it is obliged to perform an                   insurance coverage service.</p></li><li><li_value>ii.</li_value><p>survival in one year does not provide the policyholder                   with the right to claim amounts that compensate the policyholder for surviving in                   future years; that is, the policyholder’s right to claim amounts in future years                   is contingent on the policyholder surviving in those future years.</p></li></ol></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee’s conclusion</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that, in applying IFRS 17 to determine the quantity of the           benefits of insurance coverage for survival provided under each annuity contract, a method           based on:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the amount of the annuity payment the policyholder is able               to validly claim (Method 1) meets the principle in paragraph B119 of IFRS 17 of               reflecting the insurance coverage provided in each period by:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>i.</li_value><p>assigning a quantity of the benefits only to periods in                   which an insured event (survival of the policyholder) can occur, resulting in a                   policyholder having a right to make a valid claim; and</p></li><li><li_value>ii.</li_value><p>aligning the quantity of the benefits provided in a                   period with the amount the policyholder is able to validly claim if an insured                   event occurs in that period.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>the present value of expected future annuity payments               (Method 2) does not meet the principle in paragraph B119 of IFRS 17 of reflecting the               insurance coverage provided in each period because it would:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>i.</li_value><p>assign a quantity of the benefits to periods in which no                   insured event occurs (for example, to the deferral period of a deferred annuity                   contract); and</p></li><li><li_value>ii.</li_value><p>misrepresent the quantity of the benefits provided in a                   period by considering amounts the policyholder is able to claim and benefit from                   only in future periods.</p></li></ol></li></ol>         <p>The request asked only about the recognition of the contractual service margin in profit           or loss. For the annuity contracts described in the request, the entity accepts insurance           risk related to the uncertainty about how long the policyholder will survive. The           Committee noted that the entity would apply other requirements in IFRS 17 to recognise in           profit or loss—separately from the contractual service margin—the risk adjustment for           non-financial risk. The risk adjustment for non-financial risk represents the compensation           the entity requires for bearing the uncertainty about the amount and timing of the cash           flows that arise from non-financial risk. The Committee did not discuss these other           requirements.</p>         <p>Under a group of annuity contracts, an entity could provide other insurance contract           services to policyholders in addition to insurance coverage for survival—for example,           insurance coverage for death in a deferral period or an investment-return service. The           conclusion in this agenda decision applies to insurance coverage for survival, regardless           of other services provided. If the contracts provide other insurance contract services,           the entity would also need to consider the pattern of transfer of these services to the           policyholder.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Accounting Standards           provide an adequate basis for an issuer of a group of annuity contracts as described in           the request to determine the amount of the contractual service margin to recognise in           profit or loss in a period because of the transfer of insurance coverage for survival in           that period. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project to           the work plan.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IFRS17_14" id="EDUFN-ad2022-september-ifrs17-14">                  <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about how an entity           accounts for insurance contracts with cash flows in more than one currency.</p>         <p>The request asked:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>             <p>whether an entity considers currency exchange rate risks when applying IFRS 17 to               identify portfolios of insurance contracts; and</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p>how an entity applies IAS 21 in conjunction with IFRS 17 in measuring a group of               insurance contracts with cash flows in more than one currency (a multi-currency group               of insurance contracts).</p></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif">Identifying portfolios of insurance contracts</p>         <p>IFRS 17 requires an entity to recognise and measure groups of insurance contracts. The           first step in establishing groups of insurance contracts is to identify portfolios of           insurance contracts. Paragraph 14 of IFRS 17 states that ‘a portfolio comprises contracts           subject to similar risks and managed together’. The request asks whether currency exchange           rate risks are among the risks an entity considers when assessing whether insurance           contracts are ‘subject to similar risks’. </p>         <p>IFRS 17 defines financial risk and insurance risk (a non-financial risk). Financial risk           is defined to include ‘the risk of a possible future change in … [a] currency exchange           rate’. When IFRS 17 requires an entity to consider or reflect only particular types of           risk (for example, only non-financial risk), it explicitly refers to the risks to be           considered or reflected. </p>         <p>Therefore, the Committee concluded that, because paragraph 14 of IFRS 17 refers to           ‘similar risks’ without specifying any particular types of risk, an entity is required to           consider all risks—including currency exchange rate risks—when identifying portfolios of           insurance contracts. However, ‘similar risks’ does not mean ‘identical risks’. Therefore,           an entity could identify portfolios of contracts that include contracts subject to           different currency exchange rate risks. The Committee observed that what an entity           considers to be ‘similar risks’ will depend on the nature and extent of the risks in the           entity’s insurance contracts.</p>         <p>...</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Conclusion</p>         <p>In the light of its analysis, the Committee considered whether to add to the work plan a           standard-setting project on how to account for the foreign currency aspects of insurance           contracts. The Committee observed that it has not obtained evidence that such a project           would be sufficiently narrow in scope that the International Accounting Standards Board           (IASB) or the Committee could address it in an efficient manner. Consequently, the           Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project to the work plan.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IFRS17_30" id="EDUFN-ad2022-september-ifrs17-30">                  <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about how an entity           accounts for insurance contracts with cash flows in more than one currency.</p>         <p>The request asked:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>             <p>whether an entity considers currency exchange rate risks when applying IFRS 17 to               identify portfolios of insurance contracts; and</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p>how an entity applies IAS 21 in conjunction with IFRS 17 in measuring a group of               insurance contracts with cash flows in more than one currency (a multi-currency group               of insurance contracts).</p></li></ol>         <p>...</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">Measuring a multi-currency group of insurance contracts</p>         <p>An entity measures a group of insurance contracts at the total of the fulfilment cash           flows and the contractual service margin. Paragraph 30 of IFRS 17 states that ‘when           applying IAS 21 … to a group of insurance contracts that generate cash flows in a foreign           currency, an entity shall treat the group of contracts, including the contractual service           margin, as a monetary item’.</p>         <p>Paragraph 8 of IAS 21 defines monetary items as ‘units of currency held and assets and           liabilities to be received or paid in a fixed or determinable number of units of currency’           and paragraph 20 describes a foreign currency transaction as ‘a transaction that is           denominated or requires settlement in a foreign currency’. Paragraphs 21–24 of IAS 21           require an entity:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value><p>to recognise on initial recognition a foreign currency               transaction in the functional currency at the spot exchange rate at the date of the               transaction;</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value><p>to determine the carrying amount of a monetary item in               conjunction with other relevant IFRS Accounting Standards; and</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value><p>to translate at the end of the reporting period foreign               currency monetary items into the functional currency using the closing rate.</p></li></ol>         <p>The requirements in both IFRS 17 and IAS 21 refer to transactions or items that are           denominated or require settlement in a single currency. IFRS Accounting Standards include           no explicit requirements on how to determine the currency denomination of transactions or           items with cash flows in more than one currency.</p>         <p>Therefore, the Committee observed that, in measuring a multi-currency group of insurance           contracts, an entity: </p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value><p>applies all the measurement requirements in IFRS 17 to the               group of insurance contracts, including the requirement in paragraph 30 to treat the               group—including the contractual service margin—as a monetary item.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p>applies IAS 21 to translate at the end of the reporting period the carrying amount of               the group—including the contractual service margin—into the entity’s functional               currency at the closing rate (or rates).</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value><p>uses its judgement to develop and apply an accounting               policy that determines on initial recognition the currency or currencies in which the               group—including the contractual service margin—is denominated (currency denomination).               The entity could determine that the group—including the contractual service margin—is               denominated in a single currency or in the multiple currencies of the cash flows in               the group. </p></li></ol>         <p>The entity develops an accounting policy on currency denomination that results in           information that is relevant and reliable (as described in paragraph 10 of IAS 8             <i>Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</i>) and is applied           consistently for similar transactions, other events and conditions (paragraph 13 of IAS           8). The accounting policy is developed based on the entity’s specific circumstances and           the terms of the contracts in the group. The entity cannot simply presume that the           contractual service margin for the group is denominated in the functional currency. Such a           presumption would, in effect, fail to treat the contractual service margin as a monetary           item as required by paragraph 30 of IFRS 17.</p>         <p><i>Single-currency denomination versus multi-currency denomination</i></p>         <p>The entity’s accounting policy on currency denomination determines which effects of           changes in exchange rates are changes in financial risk accounted for applying IFRS 17 and           which of these effects are exchange differences accounted for applying IAS 21. </p>         <p>A single-currency denomination treats:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" id="ol_cdy_cqr_lvb" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value><p>changes in exchange rates between the currency of the cash               flows and the currency of the group of contracts as changes in financial risk that an               entity accounts for applying IFRS 17; and</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value><p>changes in exchange rates between the currency of the group               of contracts and the functional currency as exchange differences that an entity               accounts for applying IAS 21.</p></li></ol>         <p>A multi-currency denomination treats all changes in exchange rates as exchange           differences that an entity accounts for applying IAS 21.</p>         <p>In applying IFRS 17, there is a single contractual service margin for the group of           insurance contracts. Appendix A to IFRS 17 defines the contractual service margin as           representing ‘the unearned profit the entity will recognise as it provides insurance           contract services under the insurance contracts in the group.’ Accordingly, under a           multi-currency denomination, the entity would:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value><p>assess whether the group of contracts is onerous               considering the contractual service margin as a single amount.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value><p>prevent the carrying amount of the contractual service               margin being negative by, when necessary to do so, recognising a loss.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value><p>determine the amount of the contractual service margin to               recognise in profit or loss by applying a single method of determining the coverage               units provided in the current period and expected to be provided in the future to the               amounts denominated in the multiple currencies. This would result in the entity               allocating each of the currency amounts of the contractual service margin translated               into the functional currency equally to each coverage unit.</p></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif">Conclusion</p>         <p>In the light of its analysis, the Committee considered whether to add to the work plan a           standard-setting project on how to account for the foreign currency aspects of insurance           contracts. The Committee observed that it has not obtained evidence that such a project           would be sufficiently narrow in scope that the International Accounting Standards Board           (IASB) or the Committee could address it in an efficient manner. Consequently, the           Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project to the work plan.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IFRS17_B65" id="EDUFN-ad2023-september-ifrs17">                  <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received requests about how an entity that           issues insurance contracts (insurer) applies the requirements in IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 to           premiums receivable from an intermediary.</p>         <p>In the fact pattern described in the requests, an intermediary acts as a link between an           insurer and a policyholder to arrange an insurance contract between them. The policyholder           has paid in cash the premiums to the intermediary, but the insurer has not yet received in           cash the premiums from the intermediary. The agreement between the insurer and the           intermediary allows the intermediary to pay the premiums to the insurer at a later           date.</p>         <p>When the policyholder paid the premiums to the intermediary, the policyholder discharged           its obligation under the insurance contract and the insurer is obliged to provide           insurance contract services to the policyholder. If the intermediary fails to pay the           premiums to the insurer, the insurer does not have the right to recover the premiums from           the policyholder, or to cancel the insurance contract.</p>         <p>The requests asked whether, in the submitted fact pattern, the premiums receivable from           the intermediary are future cash flows within the boundary of an insurance contract and           included in the measurement of the group of insurance contracts applying IFRS 17 or are a           separate financial asset applying IFRS 9. The requests set out two views.</p>         <p>Under the first view (View 1), the insurer determines that the premiums receivable from           the intermediary are future cash flows within the boundary of an insurance contract.           Applying View 1, when the policyholder pays the premiums to the intermediary:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>for a group of contracts to which the premium allocation               approach does not apply, the insurer continues to treat the premiums receivable from               the intermediary as future cash flows within the boundary of an insurance contract               and, applying IFRS 17, includes them in the measurement of the group of insurance               contracts until recovered in cash; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>for a group of contracts to which the premium allocation               approach applies, the insurer does not increase the liability for remaining               coverage—it does so only when it recovers the premiums in cash from the               intermediary.</p></li></ol>         <p>Under the second view (View 2), because the payment by the policyholder discharges its           obligation under the insurance contract, the insurer considers the right to receive           premiums from the policyholder to be settled by the right to receive premiums from the           intermediary. The insurer therefore determines that the premiums receivable from the           intermediary are not future cash flows within the boundary of an insurance contract but,           instead, a separate financial asset. Applying View 2, when the policyholder pays the           premiums to the intermediary:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>for a group of contracts to which the premium allocation               approach does not apply, the insurer removes the premiums from the measurement of the               group of insurance contracts and, applying IFRS 9, recognises a separate financial               asset; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>for a group of contracts to which the premium allocation               approach applies, the insurer increases the liability for remaining coverage and,               applying IFRS 9, recognises a separate financial asset.</p></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif">Applying the requirements in IFRS Accounting Standards</p>         <p>The Committee observed that IFRS 17 is the starting point for an insurer to consider how           to account for its right to receive premiums under an insurance contract.</p>         <p>Paragraph 33 of IFRS 17 requires an insurer to include in the measurement of a group of           insurance contracts an estimate of all the future cash flows within the boundary of each           contract in the group. Paragraph B65 explains that cash flows within the boundary of an           insurance contract are those that relate directly to the fulfilment of the contract,           including premiums from a policyholder.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that paragraph B65 of IFRS 17 does not distinguish between           premiums to be collected directly from a policyholder and premiums to be collected through           an intermediary. In applying IFRS 17, premiums from a policyholder collected through an           intermediary are therefore included in the measurement of a group of insurance           contracts.</p>         <p>Paragraph 34 of IFRS 17 specifies that cash flows are within the boundary of an insurance           contract if they arise from substantive rights and obligations that exist during the           reporting period in which the entity can compel the policyholder to pay the premiums or in           which the entity has a substantive obligation to provide the policyholder with insurance           contract services.</p>         <p>In the fact pattern described in the requests, the insurer has not recovered the premiums           in cash, but the policyholder has discharged its obligation under the insurance contract.           The Committee observed that IFRS 17 is silent on whether future cash flows within the           boundary of an insurance contract are removed from the measurement of a group of insurance           contracts only when these cash flows are recovered or settled in cash.</p>         <p>Therefore, the Committee observed that, in accounting for premiums receivable from an           intermediary when payment by the policyholder discharges the policyholder’s obligation           under the insurance contract, an insurer develops and applies an accounting policy in           accordance with IAS 8 <i>Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and             Errors</i> to determine when cash flows are removed from the measurement of a group of           insurance contracts. The insurer could determine that cash flows are removed when the cash           flows are recovered or settled in cash (View 1), or when the policyholder’s obligation           under the insurance contract is discharged (View 2).</p>         <p>IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 deal differently with the measurement, presentation and disclosure of           expected credit losses from premiums receivable from an intermediary. The Committee           considered that, depending on which view (View 1 or View 2) an insurer applies, it is           required to apply all the measurement and disclosure requirements in the applicable IFRS           Accounting Standards. Therefore, an insurer applies either IFRS 17 (including paragraph           131, which requires disclosure of information about the credit risk that arises from           contracts within the scope of IFRS 17) or IFRS 9 (and the requirements in IFRS 7             <i>Financial Instruments: Disclosures</i>) to premiums receivable from an           intermediary.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">Conclusion</p>         <p>In the light of its analysis, the Committee considered whether to add a standard-setting           project on when cash flows are removed from the measurement of a group of insurance           contracts to the work plan. The Committee noted that any such project would involve           assessing whether changes to the Accounting Standards would have unintended consequences.           This assessment may take considerable time and effort to complete because it would           involve, among other steps, analysing a broad range of contracts (not only those set out           in the fact pattern described in the requests). The Committee observed that the           application of either View 1 or View 2 when accounting for premiums paid by a policyholder           and receivable from an intermediary would provide users of financial statements with           useful information based on the requirements in IFRS 17 or IFRS 9</p>         <p>Consequently, the Committee concluded that a project would not be sufficiently narrow in           scope that the IASB or the Committee could address it in an efficient manner. The           Committee therefore decided not to add a standard-setting project to the work plan.]</p>       </fn>     </bodydiv></body></topic>