<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS27_PRE" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph "/>  <ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph "/></ph></title><body class="- topic/body "><p base="F17966694" id="IAS27_P0001" class="- topic/p ">In April 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board (Board) adopted <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 27</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements and Accounting for Investments in Subsidiaries</ph></ph>, which had originally been issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee in April 1989. That standard replaced IAS 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> (issued in June 1976), except for those parts that dealt with accounting for investment in associates.</p><p base="F17966697" id="IAS27_P0002" class="- topic/p ">In December 2003 the Board issued a revised IAS 27 with a new title—<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph>. This revised IAS 27 was part of the IASB’s initial agenda of technical projects. The revised IAS 27 also incorporated the guidance from two related Interpretations (<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidation—Special Purpose Entities</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑33</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidation and Equity Method—Potential Voting Rights and Allocation of Ownership Interests</ph></ph>).</p><p base="F17966703" id="IAS27_P0003" class="- topic/p ">The Board amended IAS 27 in January 2008 to address the accounting for non‑controlling interests and loss of control of a subsidiary as part of its business combinations project.</p><p base="F17966704" id="IAS27_P0004" class="- topic/p ">In May 2011 the Board issued a revised IAS 27 with a modified title—<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph>. IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> addresses the principle of control and the requirements relating to the preparation of consolidated financial statements.</p><variants id="IAS27_P0005" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">       <p base="F38986665" id="IAS27_P0005_V1" class="- topic/p ">In October 2012 IAS 27 was amended by <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, IFRS 12 and IAS 27). These amendments introduced new disclosure requirements for investment entities.</p>     </variants><variants id="IAS27_P0006" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">       <p base="F38986659" id="IAS27_P0006_V1" class="- topic/p ">In August 2014 IAS 27 was amended by <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Equity Method in Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph> (Amendments to IAS 27). These amendments allowed entities to use the equity method to account for investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates in their separate financial statements.</p>     </variants></body></topic>