<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="d5e8300"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IAS40_FN0002">       <p id="IAS40_P0614"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IAS&#xa0;40 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0003">       <p id="IAS40_P0615">These paragraphs in the IASC Basis are no longer relevant and have been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0004">       <p id="IAS40_P0616">Subsequently, the Board concluded that the drafting of paragraph 50(d) was misleading because it implied that the fair value of an investment property asset held under a lease was equal to the net fair value plus the carrying amount of any recognised lease liability. Therefore, in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph> issued in May 2008 the Board amended paragraph 50(d) to clarify the intended meaning.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0005">       <p id="IAS40_P0617"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IAS&#xa0;40 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0006">       <p id="IAS40_P0618"><xref base="F16457611" href="../ias24/IAS24_TOC0001.dita#IAS24_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0707"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;24</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Related Party Disclosures</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003 no longer provides the exemption mentioned in paragraph B22(d).</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0007">       <p id="IAS40_P0619">IFRS&#xa0;17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph> amended the subsequent measurement requirements in IAS&#xa0;16 by permitting entities to elect to measure owner-occupied properties in specified circumstances as if they were investment properties measured at fair value through profit or loss in accordance with IAS&#xa0;40. The Board&#x2019;s considerations in providing that exemption are set out in paragraph&#xa0;BC65(c) of the Basis for Conclusions on IFRS&#xa0;17.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0008">       <p id="IAS40_P0620"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> eliminated the held-to-maturity category. This paragraph discusses matters relevant when IAS&#xa0;40 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0009">       <p id="IAS40_P0621"><xref base="F16457614" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0708"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value                  and contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0010">       <p id="IAS40_P0622"><xref base="F16457615" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0710">IAS&#xa0;16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003 requires all subsequent costs to be covered by its general recognition principle and eliminated the requirement to reference the originally assessed standard of performance. IAS&#xa0;40 was amended as a consequence of the change to <xref base="F15833068" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0711">IAS&#xa0;16</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0011">       <p id="IAS40_P0623"><xref base="F15833011" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0712">IAS&#xa0;16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003 eliminated all references to &#x2018;benchmark&#x2019; treatment and &#x2018;allowed alternative&#x2019; treatments. They are replaced with cost model and revaluation model.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0012">       <p id="IAS40_P0624"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IAS&#xa0;40 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0013">       <p id="IAS40_P0625"><xref base="F15833063" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0713"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003 eliminated all references to &#x2018;benchmark&#x2019; treatment and &#x2018;allowed alternative&#x2019; treatments. </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0014">       <p id="IAS40_P0626">revised by the IASB in 2003 as <xref base="F15833064" href="../ias08/IAS08_TOC.dita#IAS08_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0714"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph></xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0015">       <p id="IAS40_P0627">The IASB conformed the terminology used in <xref base="F15833065" href="IAS40_31.dita#IAS40_31" id="IAS40_X0715">paragraph 31</xref> to the terminology used in <xref base="F15833066" href="../ias08/IAS08_TOC.dita#IAS08_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0716">IAS&#xa0;8</xref> by <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph> issued in May 2008.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0016">       <p id="IAS40_P0628"><xref base="F16457619" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0717"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003 eliminated all references to &#x2018;benchmark&#x2019; treatment and &#x2018;allowed alternative&#x2019; treatments.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0017">       <p id="IAS40_P0629"><xref base="F16457620" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0718">IFRS&#xa0;13</xref>, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0018">       <p id="IAS40_P0630">The requirements for measuring fair value in <xref base="F16457709" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0719">IFRS&#xa0;13</xref>, issued in May 2011, differ in some respects from the guidance for measuring market value in accordance with IVS 1. IFRS&#xa0;13 deleted paragraphs 36, 37 and 42&#x2013;44 of IAS&#xa0;40. </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0019">       <p id="IAS40_P0631"><xref base="F16457711" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0720">IFRS&#xa0;13</xref>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value                  and contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a consequence paragraphs 38, 45&#x2013;47, 49 and 51 of IAS&#xa0;40 have been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0020">       <p id="IAS40_P0632"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IAS&#xa0;40 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0021">       <p id="IAS40_P0633"><xref base="F19806023" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0722">IFRS&#xa0;13</xref>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value                  and contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a consequence paragraphs 38, 45&#x2013;47, 49 and 51 of IAS&#xa0;40 have been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0022">       <p id="IAS40_P0634">Paragraph 57 was renumbered as <xref base="F16457712" href="../ias19/IAS19_59.dita#IAS19_59" id="IAS40_X0724">paragraph 59</xref> when <xref base="F16457713" href="../ias19/IAS19_TOC0001.dita#IAS19_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0725">IAS&#xa0;19</xref> was amended in 2011.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0023">       <p id="IAS40_P0635"><xref base="F16457717" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0726">IFRS&#xa0;13</xref>, issued in May 2011, discusses the measurement of fair value when the volume or level of activity for an asset has significantly decreased.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0024">       <p id="IAS40_P0636">In August 2005, the IASB relocated all disclosures relating to financial instruments to <xref base="F16457809" href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0728"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0025">       <p id="IAS40_P0637">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> is to IASC&#x2019;s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> with the <xref base="F16457811" href="../cf2010/CF2010_TOC0001.dita#CF2010_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0729"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph></xref>. Paragraphs 92 and 93 are now <xref base="F16457812" href="../cf2010/CF2010_g4.47-4.48.dita#CF2010_g4.47-4.48" id="IAS40_X0730">paragraphs 4.47 and 4.48 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0026">       <p id="IAS40_P0638">In <xref base="F16457813" href="../ias21/IAS21_TOC.dita#IAS21_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0731">IAS&#xa0;21 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates</ph></ph></xref>, as revised by the IASB in 2003, the term &#x2018;foreign entity&#x2019; was replaced by &#x2018;foreign operation&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0027">       <p id="IAS40_P0639"><xref base="F68955420" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0732"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph></xref> eliminated the category of available-for-sale financial assets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0028">       <p id="IAS40_P0640"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IAS&#xa0;40 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0029">       <p id="IAS40_P0641">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> is to IASC&#x2019;s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> with the <xref base="F19806069" href="../cf2010/CF2010_TOC0001.dita#CF2010_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0733"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph></xref>. Paragraphs 92 and 93 are now <xref base="F19806071" href="../cf2010/CF2010_g4.47-4.48.dita#CF2010_g4.47-4.48" id="IAS40_X0734">paragraphs 4.47 and 4.48 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0030">       <p id="IAS40_P0642"><xref base="F35623122" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0735">IFRS&#xa0;15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May&#xa0;2014, replaced IAS&#xa0;11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Construction Contracts</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0031">       <p id="IAS40_P0643">In <xref base="F19806078" href="../ias21/IAS21_TOC.dita#IAS21_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0736">IAS&#xa0;21 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates</ph></ph></xref>, as revised by the IASB in 2003, the term &#x2018;foreign entity&#x2019; was replaced by &#x2018;foreign operation&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0032">       <p id="IAS40_P0644"><xref base="F75177281" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0737"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph></xref> eliminated the category of available-for-sale financial assets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0033">       <p id="IAS40_P0645"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IAS&#xa0;40 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0034">       <p id="IAS40_P0646">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> is to the IASC&#x2019;s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was developed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0035">       <p id="IAS40_P0647"><xref base="F75177306" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0738">IFRS&#xa0;15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May&#xa0;2014, replaced IAS&#xa0;11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Construction Contracts</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0036">       <p id="IAS40_P0648">In <xref base="F75177312" href="../ias21/IAS21_TOC.dita#IAS21_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0739">IAS&#xa0;21 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates</ph></ph></xref>, as revised by the IASB in 2003, the term &#x2018;foreign entity&#x2019; was replaced by &#x2018;foreign operation&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0037">       <p id="IAS40_P0649"><xref base="F16457815" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0740">IAS&#xa0;16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003 eliminated all references to &#x2018;benchmark&#x2019; treatment and &#x2018;allowed alternative&#x2019; treatments.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0038">       <p id="IAS40_P0650"><xref base="F16457853" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0741">IAS&#xa0;16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003 eliminated all references to &#x2018;benchmark&#x2019; treatment and &#x2018;allowed alternative&#x2019; treatments.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0039">       <p id="IAS40_P0651"><xref base="F16457856" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0742">IFRS&#xa0;13</xref>, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements. As a consequence paragraphs 37, 38, 45&#x2013;47, 49, 51 and 75(d) of IAS&#xa0;40 have been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0040">       <p id="IAS40_P0652">Paragraph 69 was replaced by paragraph 46 when the IASB revised IAS&#xa0;39 in 2003.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0041">       <p id="IAS40_P0653"><xref base="F16457903" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0743">IAS&#xa0;16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003 eliminated all references to &#x2018;benchmark&#x2019; treatment and &#x2018;allowed alternative&#x2019; treatments.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0042">       <p id="IAS40_P0654">In <xref base="F16457944" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0744"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003, paragraphs 17 and 18 were replaced by <xref base="F16457945" href="../ias16/IAS16_19.dita#IAS16_19" id="IAS40_X0745">paragraphs 19&#x2013;22</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0043">       <p id="IAS40_P0655">In <xref base="F16457949" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0746"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003, paragraph 56 was replaced by <xref base="F16457948" href="../ias16/IAS16_68.dita#IAS16_68" id="IAS40_X0747">paragraphs 68</xref> and <xref base="F16457947" href="../ias16/IAS16_71.dita#IAS16_71" id="IAS40_X0748">71</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0044">       <p id="IAS40_P0656"><xref base="F16457982" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0749">IFRS&#xa0;13</xref>, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements. As a consequence paragraphs 37, 38, 45&#x2013;47, 49, 51 and 75(d) of IAS&#xa0;40 have been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0045">       <p id="IAS40_P0657"><xref base="F19806114" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0750">IFRS&#xa0;13</xref>, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements. As a consequence paragraphs 37, 38, 45&#x2013;47, 49, 51 and 75(d) of IAS&#xa0;40 have been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0046">       <p id="IAS40_P0658">Paragraph 69 was replaced by paragraph 46 when the Board revised IAS&#xa0;39 in 2003. <xref base="F68955421" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001/IFRS09_TOC0001_V1" id="IAS40_X0751"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph></xref> deleted paragraph 46 of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0047">       <p id="IAS40_P0659"><xref base="F19806145" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0752">IAS&#xa0;16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003 eliminated all references to &#x2018;benchmark&#x2019; treatment and &#x2018;allowed alternative&#x2019; treatments.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0048">       <p id="IAS40_P0660">In <xref base="F19806172" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0753"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003, paragraphs 17 and 18 were replaced by <xref base="F19806174" href="../ias16/IAS16_19.dita#IAS16_19" id="IAS40_X0754">paragraphs 19&#x2013;22</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0049">       <p id="IAS40_P0661">In <xref base="F19806178" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0755"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003, paragraph 56 was replaced by <xref base="F19806180" href="../ias16/IAS16_68.dita#IAS16_68" id="IAS40_X0756">paragraphs 68</xref> and <xref base="F19806181" href="../ias16/IAS16_71.dita#IAS16_71" id="IAS40_X0757">71</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0050">       <p id="IAS40_P0662"><xref base="F35623123" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0758">IFRS&#xa0;15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May&#xa0;2014, replaced IAS&#xa0;18 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue</ph></ph> and amended <xref base="F36247946" href="IAS40_67.dita#IAS40_67" id="IAS40_X0759">paragraph&#xa0;67 of IAS&#xa0;40</xref> for consistency with the requirements in IFRS&#xa0;15.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0051">       <p id="IAS40_P0663"><xref base="F19806201" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0760">IFRS&#xa0;13</xref>, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements. As a consequence paragraphs 37, 38, 45&#x2013;47, 49, 51 and 75(d) of IAS&#xa0;40 have been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0052">       <p id="IAS40_P0664"><xref base="F64508553" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0761">IFRS&#xa0;13</xref>, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements. As a consequence paragraphs 37, 38, 45&#x2013;47, 49, 51 and 75(d) of IAS&#xa0;40 have been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0053">       <p id="IAS40_P0665">Paragraph 69 was replaced by paragraph 46 when the Board revised IAS&#xa0;39 in 2003. <xref base="F68955422" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001/IFRS09_TOC0001_V2" id="IAS40_X0762"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph></xref> deleted paragraph 46 of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0054">       <p id="IAS40_P0666"><xref base="F64508584" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0763">IAS&#xa0;16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003 eliminated all references to &#x2018;benchmark&#x2019; treatment and &#x2018;allowed alternative&#x2019; treatments.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0055">       <p id="IAS40_P0667">In <xref base="F64508611" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0764"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003, paragraphs 17 and 18 were replaced by <xref base="F64508613" href="../ias16/IAS16_19.dita#IAS16_19" id="IAS40_X0765">paragraphs 19&#x2013;22</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0056">       <p id="IAS40_P0668">In <xref base="F64508617" href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0766"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref> as revised by the IASB in 2003, paragraph 56 was replaced by <xref base="F64508619" href="../ias16/IAS16_68.dita#IAS16_68" id="IAS40_X0767">paragraphs 68</xref> and <xref base="F64508620" href="../ias16/IAS16_71.dita#IAS16_71" id="IAS40_X0768">71</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0057">       <p id="IAS40_P0669"><xref base="F64508632" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0769">IFRS&#xa0;15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May&#xa0;2014, replaced IAS&#xa0;18 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue</ph></ph> and amended <xref base="F64508635" href="IAS40_67.dita#IAS40_67" id="IAS40_X0770">paragraph&#xa0;67 of IAS&#xa0;40</xref> for consistency with the requirements in IFRS&#xa0;15.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS40_FN0058">       <p id="IAS40_P0670"><xref base="F64508648" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0771">IFRS&#xa0;13</xref>, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements. As a consequence paragraphs 37, 38, 45&#x2013;47, 49, 51 and 75(d) of IAS&#xa0;40 have been deleted.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>