<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS13_BC238" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC238</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC238" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant base="F21342640" id="IFRS13_BC238_V2" principles="no" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant "> <p id="IFRS13_P2489" class="- topic/p ">In addition, IFRS 13 and Topic 820 have the following differences:</p> <ol outputclass="static" base="F21342641" id="IFRS13_L0118" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="F21342643" id="IFRS13_P2490" class="- topic/p ">There are different accounting requirements in IFRSs and US GAAP for measuring the fair value of investments in investment companies. Topic 946 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Services—Investment Companies</ph></ph> in US GAAP requires an investment company to recognise its underlying investments at fair value at each reporting period. Topic 820 provides a practical expedient that permits an entity with an investment in an investment company to use as a measure of fair value in specific circumstances the reported net asset value without adjustment. <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 10</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> requires an investment company to consolidate its controlled underlying investments.  Because IFRSs do not have accounting requirements that are specific to investment companies, the IASB decided that it would be difficult to identify when such a practical expedient could be applied given the different practices for calculating net asset values in jurisdictions around the world. For example, investment companies may report in accordance with national GAAP, which may have recognition and measurement requirements that differ from those in IFRSs (ie the underlying investments might not be measured at fair value, or they might be measured at fair value in accordance with national GAAP, not IFRSs). The boards are reviewing the accounting for investment companies as part of a separate project.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS13_FN0027" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="F21342649" id="IFRS13_P2491" class="- topic/p ">There are different requirements for measuring the fair value of a financial liability with a demand feature. In US GAAP, Topic 825 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> and Topic 942 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Services—Depository and Lending</ph></ph> describe the fair value measurement of a deposit liability as the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. In IFRSs, IFRS 13 states that the fair value measurement of a financial liability with a demand feature (eg demand deposits) cannot be less than the present value of the amount payable on demand.  That requirement in IFRS 13 was relocated unchanged from IAS 39 and IFRS 9 as a consequence of the IASB’s fair value measurement project.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p base="F21342655" id="IFRS13_P2492" class="- topic/p ">There are different disclosure requirements in IFRSs and US GAAP. For example:</p> <ol outputclass="static" base="F21342656" id="IFRS13_L0119" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p base="F21342658" id="IFRS13_P2493" class="- topic/p ">Because IFRSs generally do not allow net presentation for derivatives,  the amounts disclosed for fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy  might differ. The boards are reviewing the presentation requirements for offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities in their joint project on the accounting for financial instruments.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p base="F21342665" id="IFRS13_P2494" class="- topic/p ">IFRSs require a quantitative sensitivity analysis for financial instruments  that are measured at fair value and categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (that disclosure was previously in IFRS 7). The boards will analyse the feasibility of incorporating information about interrelationships between unobservable inputs into a quantitative measurement uncertainty analysis disclosure. After completing that analysis, the boards will decide whether to require such a disclosure.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value> <p base="F21342669" id="IFRS13_P2495" class="- topic/p ">Topic 820 has different disclosure requirements for non‑public entities. The FASB concluded that some of the disclosures should not be required for non‑public entities because of the characteristics of the users of the financial statements of those entities. The FASB considered the ability of those users to access information about the financial position of the entity and the relevance to those users of the information that would be provided by the requirements in the disclosure amendments. In contrast, the IASB recently completed a project on the accounting for small and medium‑sized entities. As a result, the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS for Small and Medium‑Sized Entities</ph></ph> addresses the accounting for entities that do not have public accountability, and the disclosures about their fair value measurements.</p></li></ol></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>