<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS13_BC244" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC244</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC244" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant base="F64508328" id="IFRS13_BC244_V3" principles="no" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant "> <p id="IFRS13_P2535" class="- topic/p ">The main changes from the proposals in the exposure draft published in May 2009 are as follows:</p> <ol outputclass="static" base="F64508329" id="IFRS13_L0125" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="F64508331" id="IFRS13_P2536" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 excludes from its scope share‑based payment transactions in IFRS 2  and leasing transactions in IAS 17.  The exposure draft proposed the following:</p> <ol outputclass="static" base="F64508338" id="IFRS13_L0126" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p base="F64508340" id="IFRS13_P2537" class="- topic/p ">replacing the term <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">fair value</i> with another term that reflects the measurement objective for share‑based payment transactions in IFRS 2 and for reacquired rights in a business combination in IFRS 3.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p base="F64508343" id="IFRS13_P2538" class="- topic/p ">excluding financial liabilities with a demand feature in IAS 39<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS13_FN0029" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> from the scope of an IFRS on fair value measurement. </p></li></ol> <p base="F64508347" id="IFRS13_P2539" class="- topic/p ">The exposure draft did not propose excluding leasing transactions from the scope of an IFRS on fair value measurement.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="F64508349" id="IFRS13_P2540" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 requires fair value to be measured using the price in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.  The exposure draft proposed that fair value should be measured using the price in the most advantageous market.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p base="F64508353" id="IFRS13_P2541" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 states that market participants have a reasonable understanding about the asset or liability and the transaction using all available information, including information that might be obtained through due diligence efforts that are usual and customary.  The exposure draft stated that market participants are presumed to be as knowledgeable as the entity about the asset or liability (ie there was no information asymmetry between market participants and the entity).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p base="F64508357" id="IFRS13_P2542" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 contains detailed guidance for measuring the fair value of liabilities,  including the compensation market participants would require to assume the liability  and how a third‑party credit enhancement  affects the fair value of a liability. The exposure draft provided high level guidance.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p base="F64508366" id="IFRS13_P2543" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 contains detailed guidance for measuring the fair value of an entity’s own equity instruments.  That guidance is consistent with the guidance for measuring the fair value of a liability. The exposure draft proposed requiring an entity to measure the fair value of its own equity instruments by reference to the fair value of the instrument held by a market participant as an asset (ie the corresponding asset) without providing information about when the fair value of the equity instrument might differ from the fair value of the corresponding asset.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value> <p base="F64508370" id="IFRS13_P2544" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 provides guidance for measuring the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities with offsetting positions in market risks or counterparty credit risk.  The exposure draft proposed requiring financial assets to be measured using an in‑exchange valuation premise.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value> <p base="F64508374" id="IFRS13_P2545" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 states that classes of asset or liability for disclosure purposes should be determined on the basis of the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is categorised.  The exposure draft did not provide guidance for determining the appropriate class of asset or liability for disclosures about fair value measurements.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(h)</li_value> <p base="F64508378" id="IFRS13_P2546" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 provides examples of policies for when to recognise transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy,  such as the date of the transfer, the beginning of the reporting period or the end of the reporting period. IFRS 13 also states that the policy about the timing of recognising transfers must be the same for transfers into a level as that for transfers out of a level. The exposure draft did not provide guidance for determining when transfers are deemed to have occurred or propose to require an entity to disclose its policy for determining when transfers between levels are recognised.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p base="F64508382" id="IFRS13_P2547" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 requires a narrative discussion of the sensitivity  of a fair value measurement categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy to changes in significant unobservable inputs and any interrelationships between those inputs that might magnify or mitigate the effect on the measurement. It also requires a quantitative sensitivity analysis for financial instruments categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (that disclosure was relocated from IFRS 7). The exposure draft proposed a quantitative sensitivity analysis for assets and liabilities categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The IASB re‑exposed that proposal, including a requirement to take into account the interrelationships between unobservable inputs in the analysis (referred to as a measurement uncertainty analysis disclosure). Respondents were concerned about whether the proposal would be operational. The boards will continue to assess whether a quantitative measurement uncertainty analysis disclosure would be practical after the IFRS is issued, with the aim of reaching a conclusion about whether to require such a disclosure at a later date.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(j)</li_value> <p base="F64508386" id="IFRS13_P2548" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 requires an entity to disclose information about its valuation processes  (eg valuation policies and procedures) for fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The disclosure is similar to the description of valuation processes in the IASB’s Fair Value Expert Advisory Panel’s October 2008 report.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(k)</li_value> <p base="F64508390" id="IFRS13_P2549" class="- topic/p ">If the highest and best use of a non‑financial asset differs from its current use, IFRS 13 requires an entity to disclose that fact and why the asset is being used in a manner that differs from its highest and best use.  The exposure draft proposed requiring an entity to disclose the value of the asset assuming its current use, the amount by which the fair value of the asset differs from its fair value in its current use (ie the incremental value of the asset group) and the reasons the asset is being used in a manner that differs from its highest and best use.</p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>