<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F45930886" id="IFRS16_C10"><paranum>C10</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="C10"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P0636">A <xref base="F45929736" href="IFRS16_APPA.dita#IFRS16_APPA/IFRS16_P0380">lessee<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0220"/></ph></xref> may use one or more of the following practical expedients when applying this Standard retrospectively in accordance with <xref base="F47961424" href="IFRS16_gC5-C13.dita#IFRS16_gC5-C13/IFRS16_gC5-C13_TI" id="IFRS16_X0503">paragraph C5(b)</xref> to <xref base="F45929685" href="IFRS16_APPA.dita#IFRS16_APPA/IFRS16_P0363">leases<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0214"/></ph></xref> previously classified as <xref base="F45929764" href="IFRS16_APPA.dita#IFRS16_APPA/IFRS16_P0384">operating leases<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0269"/></ph></xref> applying IAS 17. A lessee is permitted to apply these practical expedients on a lease-by-lease basis:</p><ol base="F45930888" id="IFRS16_L0068" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F45930889" id="IFRS16_P0637">a lessee may apply a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics (such as leases with a similar remaining <xref base="F45929725" href="IFRS16_APPA.dita#IFRS16_APPA/IFRS16_P0376">lease term<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0218"/></ph></xref> for a similar class of <xref base="F45929849" href="IFRS16_APPA.dita#IFRS16_APPA/IFRS16_P0392">underlying asset<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0373"/></ph></xref> in a similar economic environment). </p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F45930891" id="IFRS16_P0638">a lessee may rely on its assessment of whether leases are onerous applying <xref base="F47961425" href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" id="IFRS16_X0505"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 37</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph></xref> immediately before the date of initial application as an alternative to performing an impairment review. If a lessee chooses this practical expedient, the lessee shall adjust the <xref base="F45929827" href="IFRS16_APPA.dita#IFRS16_APPA/IFRS16_P0388">right-of-use asset<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0342"/></ph></xref> at the date of initial application by the amount of any provision for onerous leases recognised in the statement of financial position immediately before the date of initial application. </p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F45930894" id="IFRS16_P0639">a lessee may elect not to apply the requirements in <xref base="F47961426" href="IFRS16_gC8-C10.dita#IFRS16_gC8-C10/IFRS16_gC8-C10_TI" id="IFRS16_X0507">paragraph C8</xref> to leases for which the lease term ends within 12 months of the date of initial application. In this case, a lessee shall:</p> <ol base="F45930896" id="IFRS16_L0069" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p base="F45930897" id="IFRS16_P0640">account for those leases in the same way as <xref base="F45929834" href="IFRS16_APPA.dita#IFRS16_APPA/IFRS16_P0389">short-term leases<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0354"/></ph></xref> as described in <xref base="F47961427" href="IFRS16_6.dita#IFRS16_6" id="IFRS16_X0508">paragraph 6</xref>; and</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p base="F45930899" id="IFRS16_P0641">include the cost associated with those leases within the disclosure of short-term lease expense in the annual reporting period that includes the date of initial application.</p></li></ol> </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p base="F45930902" id="IFRS16_P0643">a lessee may exclude <xref base="F45929669" href="IFRS16_APPA.dita#IFRS16_APPA/IFRS16_P0360">initial direct costs<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0182"/></ph></xref> from the measurement of the right-of-use asset at the date of initial application. </p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p base="F45930904" id="IFRS16_P0644">a lessee may use hindsight, such as in determining the lease term if the <xref base="F45929889" href="IFRS16_APPA.dita#IFRS16_APPA/IFRS16_P0398">contract<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0049"/></ph></xref> contains options to extend or terminate the lease. </p></li></ol></body></paragraph>