<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS02_APPA" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title base="SL140988" id="IFRS02_APPA_TI" class="- topic/title ">Appendix A Defined terms</title><body class="- topic/body "><note type="note" class="- topic/note ">       <p base="SL72847" id="IFRS02_P0239" class="- topic/p ">This appendix is an integral part of the IFRS.</p>     </note><dl base="SL140989" id="IFRS02_D0001" class="- topic/dl "><dlentry base="SL140990" id="IFRS02_DI0001" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL44578" id="IFRS02_TE0001" class="- topic/dt ">cash‑settled share‑based payment transaction</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL140992" id="IFRS02_P0240" class="- topic/p ">A <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share‑based payment transaction</b> in which the entity acquires goods or services by incurring a liability to transfer cash or other assets to the supplier of those goods or services for amounts that are based on the price (or value) of <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity instruments</b> (including shares or <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share options</b>) of the entity or another group entity.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL140993" id="IFRS02_DI0002" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL44579" id="IFRS02_TE0002" class="- topic/dt ">employees and others providing similar services</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL140995" id="IFRS02_P0242" class="- topic/p ">Individuals who render personal services to the entity and either (a) the individuals are regarded as employees for legal or tax purposes, (b) the individuals work for the entity under its direction in the same way as individuals who are regarded as employees for legal or tax purposes, or (c) the services rendered are similar to those rendered by employees. For example, the term encompasses all management personnel, ie those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity, including non‑executive directors.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL74957523" id="IFRS02_DI0003_V2" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL74957524" id="IFRS02_TE0004" class="- topic/dt ">equity instrument</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL74957526" id="IFRS02_P0244" class="- topic/p ">A contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS02_FN0016" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL140999" id="IFRS02_DI0004" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL44581" id="IFRS02_TE0005" class="- topic/dt ">equity instrument granted</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL141001" id="IFRS02_P0245" class="- topic/p ">The right (conditional or unconditional) to an <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity instrument</b> of the entity conferred by the entity on another party, under a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share‑based payment arrangement</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141002" id="IFRS02_DI0005" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL44582" id="IFRS02_TE0006" class="- topic/dt ">equity‑settled share‑based payment transaction</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL141004" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS02_P0246" class="- topic/p ">A <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share‑based payment transaction</b> in which the entity</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F9035700" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS02_L0027" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>               <p base="F9035701" id="IFRS02_P0247" class="- topic/p ">receives goods or services as consideration for its own <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity instruments</b> (including shares or <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share options</b>), or</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>               <p base="F9035703" id="IFRS02_P0248" class="- topic/p ">receives goods or services but has no obligation to settle the transaction with the supplier.</p>             </li></ol>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141005" id="IFRS02_DI0006" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL44583" id="IFRS02_TE0007" class="- topic/dt ">fair value</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL141007" id="IFRS02_P0249" class="- topic/p ">The amount for which an asset could be exchanged, a liability settled, or an <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity instrument granted</b> could be exchanged, between knowledgeable, willing parties in an arm’s length transaction.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141008" id="IFRS02_DI0007" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL44584" id="IFRS02_TE0008" class="- topic/dt ">grant date</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL141010" id="IFRS02_P0250" class="- topic/p ">The date at which the entity and another party (including an employee) agree to a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share‑based payment arrangement</b>, being when the entity and the counterparty have a shared understanding of the terms and conditions of the arrangement. At grant date the entity confers on the counterparty the right to cash, other assets, or <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity instruments</b> of the entity, provided the specified <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">vesting conditions</b>, if any, are met. If that agreement is subject to an approval process (for example, by shareholders), grant date is the date when that approval is obtained.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141011" id="IFRS02_DI0008" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL44585" id="IFRS02_TE0009" class="- topic/dt ">intrinsic value</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL141013" id="IFRS02_P0252" class="- topic/p ">The difference between the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">fair value</b> of the shares to which the counterparty has the (conditional or unconditional) right to subscribe or which it has the right to receive, and the price (if any) the counterparty is (or will be) required to pay for those shares. For example, a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share option</b> with an exercise price of CU15,<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS02_FN0017" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> on a share with a fair value of CU20, has an intrinsic value of CU5.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL28984585" id="IFRS02_DI0009_V2" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL28984586" id="IFRS02_TE0011" class="- topic/dt ">market condition</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL28984588" id="IFRS02_P0256" class="- topic/p ">A <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">performance condition</b>                          upon which the exercise price, vesting or exercisability of an <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity instrument</b> depends that is related to the market price (or value) of the entity’s <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity instruments</b> (or the equity instruments of another entity in the same group), such as:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F28984321" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS02_L0028" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>               <p base="F28984322" id="IFRS02_P0257" class="- topic/p ">attaining a specified share price or a specified amount of <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">intrinsic value</b> of a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share option</b>; or</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>               <p base="F28984324" id="IFRS02_P0258" class="- topic/p ">achieving a specified target that is based on the market price (or value) of the entity’s <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity instruments</b> (or the equity instruments of another entity in the same group) relative to an index of market prices of <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity instruments</b> of other entities.</p>             </li></ol>                                 <p base="F28984666" id="IFRS02_P0261" class="- topic/p ">A market condition requires the counterparty to complete a specified period of service (ie a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">service condition</b>); the service requirement can be explicit or implicit.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141017" id="IFRS02_DI0010" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL44587" id="IFRS02_TE0012" class="- topic/dt ">measurement date</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL141019" id="IFRS02_P0264" class="- topic/p ">The date at which the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">fair value</b> of the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity instruments granted</b> is measured for the purposes of this IFRS. For transactions with <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">employees and others providing similar services</b>, the measurement date is <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">grant date</b>. For transactions with parties other than employees (and those providing similar services), the measurement date is the date the entity obtains the goods or the counterparty renders service.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F28984677" id="IFRS02_DI0011_V1" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="F28984678" id="IFRS02_TE0013" class="- topic/dt ">performance condition</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="F28984673" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS02_P0266" class="- topic/p ">A <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">vesting condition</b> that requires:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F28984675" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS02_L0029" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>               <p base="F28984680" id="IFRS02_P0267" class="- topic/p ">the counterparty to complete a specified period of service (ie a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">service condition</b>); the service requirement can be explicit or implicit;                                  and</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>               <p base="F28984684" id="IFRS02_P0268" class="- topic/p ">specified performance target(s) to be met while the counterparty is rendering the service required in (a).</p>             </li></ol>           <p base="F28984685" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS02_P0269" class="- topic/p ">The period of achieving the performance target(s):</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F28984687" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS02_L0030" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>               <p base="F28984688" id="IFRS02_P0270" class="- topic/p ">shall not extend beyond the end of the service period;                                  and</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>               <p base="F28984690" id="IFRS02_P0271" class="- topic/p ">may start before the service period on the condition that the commencement date of the performance target is not substantially before the commencement of the service period.                                </p>             </li></ol>           <p base="F28984691" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS02_P0272" class="- topic/p ">A performance target is defined by reference to:                        </p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F28984693" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS02_L0031" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>               <p base="F28984694" id="IFRS02_P0273" class="- topic/p ">the entity’s own operations (or activities) or the operations or activities of another entity in the same group (ie a non-market condition); or</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>               <p base="F28984696" id="IFRS02_P0274" class="- topic/p ">the price (or value) of the entity’s <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity instruments</b> or the equity instruments of another entity in the same group (including shares and <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share options</b>) (ie a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">market condition</b>).                                </p>             </li></ol>           <p base="F28984700" id="IFRS02_P0275" class="- topic/p ">A performance target might relate either to the performance of the entity as a whole or to some part of the entity (or part of the group), such as a division or an individual employee.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141020" id="IFRS02_DI0012" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL44588" id="IFRS02_TE0014" class="- topic/dt ">reload feature</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL141022" id="IFRS02_P0277" class="- topic/p ">A feature that provides for an automatic grant of additional <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share options</b> whenever the option holder exercises previously granted options using the entity’s shares, rather than cash, to satisfy the exercise price.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141023" id="IFRS02_DI0013" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL44589" id="IFRS02_TE0015" class="- topic/dt ">reload option</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL141025" id="IFRS02_P0280" class="- topic/p ">A new <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share option</b> granted when a share is used to satisfy the exercise price of a previous share option.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F28984710" id="IFRS02_DI0014_V1" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="F28984711" id="IFRS02_TE0016" class="- topic/dt ">service condition</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="F28984704" id="IFRS02_P0281" class="- topic/p ">A <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">vesting condition</b> that requires the counterparty to complete a specified period of service during which services are provided to the entity. If the counterparty, regardless of the reason, ceases to provide service during the <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">vesting period</b>, it has failed to satisfy the condition. A service condition does not require a performance target to be met.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141026" id="IFRS02_DI0015" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL44590" id="IFRS02_TE0017" class="- topic/dt ">share‑based payment arrangement</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL141028" id="IFRS02_P0282" class="- topic/p ">An agreement between the entity (or another group<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS02_FN0018" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> entity or any shareholder of any group entity) and another party (including an employee) that entitles the other party to receive</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F9035706" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS02_L0032" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>               <p base="F9035707" id="IFRS02_P0283" class="- topic/p ">cash or other assets of the entity for amounts that are based on the price (or value) of <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity instruments</b> (including shares or <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share options</b>) of the entity or another group entity, or</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>               <p base="F9035709" id="IFRS02_P0284" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity instruments</b> (including shares or <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share options</b>) of the entity or another group entity,</p>             </li></ol>           <p base="F9035710" id="IFRS02_P0285" class="- topic/p ">provided the specified <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">vesting conditions</b>, if any, are met.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141029" id="IFRS02_DI0016" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL44591" id="IFRS02_TE0018" class="- topic/dt ">share‑based payment transaction</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL141031" outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS02_P0286" class="- topic/p ">A transaction in which the entity </p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F9035712" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS02_L0033" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>               <p base="F9035713" id="IFRS02_P0287" class="- topic/p ">receives goods or services from the supplier of those goods or services (including an employee) in a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share‑based payment arrangement</b>, or</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>               <p base="F9035715" id="IFRS02_P0288" class="- topic/p ">incurs an obligation to settle the transaction with the supplier in a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share‑based payment arrangement</b> when another group entity receives those goods or services.</p>             </li></ol>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141032" id="IFRS02_DI0017" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL44592" id="IFRS02_TE0019" class="- topic/dt ">share option</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL141034" id="IFRS02_P0290" class="- topic/p ">A contract that gives the holder the right, but not the obligation, to subscribe to the entity’s shares at a fixed or determinable price for a specified period of time.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141035" id="IFRS02_DI0018" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL44593" id="IFRS02_TE0020" class="- topic/dt ">vest</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL141037" id="IFRS02_P0291" class="- topic/p ">To become an entitlement. Under a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share‑based payment arrangement</b>, a counterparty’s right to receive cash, other assets or <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity instruments</b> of the entity vests when the counterparty’s entitlement is no longer conditional on the satisfaction of any <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">vesting conditions</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL28984713" id="IFRS02_DI0019_V2" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL28984714" id="IFRS02_TE0022" class="- topic/dt ">vesting condition</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL28984716" id="IFRS02_P0294" class="- topic/p ">A condition that determines whether the entity receives the services that entitle the counterparty to receive cash, other assets or <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity instruments</b> of the entity, under a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share‑based payment arrangement</b>. A vesting condition is either a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">service condition</b> or a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">performance condition</b>.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL141041" id="IFRS02_DI0020" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt base="SL44595" id="IFRS02_TE0023" class="- topic/dt ">vesting period</dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p base="SL141043" id="IFRS02_P0296" class="- topic/p ">The period during which all the specified <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">vesting conditions</b> of a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">share‑based payment arrangement</b> are to be satisfied.</p>         </dd></dlentry></dl></body></topic>