<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e23471" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IFRS02_FN0003" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2549" class="- topic/p ">The title of <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001" base="F77792699" id="IFRS02_X1052" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 32</xref> was amended in 2005.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0004" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2550" class="- topic/p ">The title of <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001/IAS32_TOC0001_V2" base="F77792698" id="IFRS02_X1053" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 32</xref> was amended in 2005.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0006" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2552" class="- topic/p ">This IFRS uses the phrase ‘by reference to’ rather than ‘at’, because the transaction is ultimately measured by multiplying the fair value of the equity instruments granted, measured at the date specified in <xref href="IFRS02_11.dita#IFRS02_11" base="F2-144" id="IFRS02_X1060" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 11</xref> or <xref href="IFRS02_13.dita#IFRS02_13" base="F1872169" id="IFRS02_X1061" class="- topic/xref ">13</xref> (whichever is applicable), by the number of equity instruments that vest, as explained in <xref href="IFRS02_g19-21.dita#IFRS02_g19_21/IFRS02_g19_21_TI" base="F1213304" id="IFRS02_X1062" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 19</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0007" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2553" class="- topic/p ">In the remainder of this IFRS, all references to employees also include others providing similar services.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0012" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2558" class="- topic/p ">In <xref href="IFRS02_g35-40.dita#IFRS02_g35_40/IFRS02_g35_40_TI" base="F1213305" id="IFRS02_X1070" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 35–43</xref>, all references to cash also include other assets of the entity.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0015" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2561" class="- topic/p ">The <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph> defines a liability as a present obligation of the entity arising from past events, the settlement of which is expected to result in an outflow from the entity of resources embodying economic benefits (ie an outflow of cash or other assets of the entity).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0016" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2562" class="- topic/p ">The <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph> issued in 2018 defines a liability as a present obligation of the entity to transfer an economic resource as a result of past events.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0017" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2563" class="- topic/p ">In this appendix, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0018" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2564" class="- topic/p ">A ‘group’ is defined in <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_APPA.dita#IFRS10_APPA" base="F16164354" id="IFRS02_X1072" class="- topic/xref ">Appendix A of IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> as ‘a parent and its subsidiaries’ from the perspective of the reporting entity’s ultimate parent.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0022" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2568" class="- topic/p ">In IFRS 2, all references to employees include others providing similar services.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0023" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2569" class="- topic/p ">In this example, and in all other examples in this guidance, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0024" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2570" class="- topic/p ">In the remainder of this paragraph, the discussion of vesting conditions excludes market conditions, which are subject to the requirements of <xref href="IFRS02_21.dita#IFRS02_21" base="F15999472" id="IFRS02_X1075" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 21 of IFRS 2</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0025" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2571" class="- topic/p ">Allocated between liabilities and equity, to bring in the final third of the liability based on the fair value of the shares as at the date of the modification.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0026" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2572" class="- topic/p ">The entity considers disclosing an estimate of the amount that it expects to transfer to the tax authority at the end of each reporting period. The entity makes such disclosure when it determines that this information is necessary to inform users about the future cash flow effects associated with the share-based payment.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0027" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2573" class="- topic/p ">Note that the illustrative example is not intended to be a template or model and is therefore not exhaustive. For example, it does not illustrate the disclosure requirements in <xref href="IFRS02_47.dita#IFRS02_47" base="F16040054" id="IFRS02_X1077" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 47(c)</xref>, <xref href="IFRS02_48.dita#IFRS02_48" base="F16040055" id="IFRS02_X1078" class="- topic/xref ">48 and 49</xref> of the IFRS.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0028" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2574" class="- topic/p ">In the calculation of the fair value of the share‑based payment, the probability of continuation of the plan by the entity is assumed to be 100 per cent.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0029" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2575" class="- topic/p ">The word ‘issue’ is used in a broad sense. For example, a transfer of shares held in treasury (own shares held) to another party is regarded as an ‘issue’ of equity instruments. Some argue that if options or shares are granted with vesting conditions, they are not ‘issued’ until those vesting conditions have been satisfied. However, even if this argument is accepted, it does not change the Board’s conclusions on the requirements of the IFRS, and therefore the word ‘issue’ is used broadly, to include situations in which equity instruments are conditionally transferred to the counterparty, subject to the satisfaction of specified vesting conditions.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0030" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2576" class="- topic/p ">The G4+1 comprised members of the national accounting standard‑setting bodies of Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the UK and the US, and IASC.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0031" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2577" class="- topic/p ">Paragraphs BC18A–BC18D are added as a consequence of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Group Cash‑settled Share‑based Payment Transactions</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 2) issued in June 2009.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0032" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2578" class="- topic/p ">In some cases, the reason for the transfer would explain why no goods or services have been or will be received. For example, a principal shareholder, as part of estate planning, transfers some of his shares to a family member. In the absence of factors that indicate that the family member has provided, or is expected to provide, any goods or services to the entity in return for the shares, such a transaction would be outside the scope of IFRS 2.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0033" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2579" class="- topic/p ">Paragraphs BC22A—BC22G are added as a consequence of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Group Cash‑settled Share‑based Payment Transactions</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 2) issued in June 2009.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0034" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2580" class="- topic/p ">The consolidation requirements in IAS 27 were superseded by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F16164780" id="IFRS02_X1079" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. The definition of control changed but the definition of a group was not substantially changed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0035" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2581" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39. Paragraphs BC25–BC28 refer to matters relevant when IFRS 2 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0036" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2582" class="- topic/p ">The title of <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC0003.dita#IAS32_TOC0003" base="F15998475" id="IFRS02_X1080" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 32</xref> was amended in 2005.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0037" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2583" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> are to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0038" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2584" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was developed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0039" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2585" class="- topic/p ">now paragraph 4.25 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0040" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2586" class="- topic/p ">now paragraphs 4.4 and 4.5 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0041" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2587" class="- topic/p ">For example, the entity might not have control over future services.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0042" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2588" class="- topic/p ">For example, the entity might not have control over future services.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0043" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2589" class="- topic/p ">now paragraphs 4.4 and 4.22 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0044" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2590" class="- topic/p ">All monetary amounts in this Basis for Conclusions are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0045" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2591" class="- topic/p ">The Discussion Paper discusses this point: Accounting practice in some jurisdictions may present own shares acquired as an asset, but they lack the essential feature of an asset—the ability to provide future economic benefits. The future economic benefits usually provided by an interest in shares are the right to receive dividends and the right to gain from an increase in value of the shares. When a company has an interest in its own shares, it will receive dividends on those shares only if it elects to pay them, and such dividends do not represent a gain to the company, as there is no change in net assets: the flow of funds is simply circular. Whilst it is true that a company that holds its own shares in treasury may sell them and receive a higher amount if their value has increased, a company is generally able to issue shares to third parties at (or near) the current market price. Although there may be legal, regulatory or administrative reasons why it is easier to sell shares that are held as treasury shares than it would be to issue new shares, such considerations do not seem to amount to a fundamental contrast between the two cases. (Footnote to paragraph 4.7)</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0046" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2592" class="- topic/p ">When the Board developed the proposals in ED 2, it focused on the measurement of equity‑settled transactions with employees and with parties other than employees. ED 2 did not propose a definition of the term ‘employees’. When the Board reconsidered the proposals in ED 2 in the light of comments received, it discussed whether the term might be interpreted too narrowly. This could result in a different accounting treatment of services received from individuals who are regarded as employees (eg for legal or tax purposes) and substantially similar services received from other individuals. The Board therefore concluded that the requirements of the IFRS for transactions with employees should also apply to transactions with other parties providing similar services. This includes services received from (1) individuals who work for the entity under its direction in the same way as individuals who are regarded as employees for legal or tax purposes and (2) individuals who are not employees but who render personal services to the entity similar to those rendered by employees. All references to employees therefore include other parties providing similar services.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0047" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2593" class="- topic/p ">Service date measurement theoretically requires the entity to measure the fair value of the share option at each date when services are received. For pragmatic reasons, an approximation would probably be used, such as the fair value of the share option at the end of each accounting period, or the value of the share option measured at regular intervals during each accounting period.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0048" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2594" class="- topic/p ">In August 2005 IAS 32 was amended as <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001" base="F15998598" id="IFRS02_X1081" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Presentation.</ph></ph></xref> </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0049" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2595" class="- topic/p ">ED 2 proposed that equity‑settled share‑based payment transactions should be measured at the fair value of the goods or services received, or by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments granted, whichever fair value is more readily determinable. For transactions with parties other than employees, ED 2 proposed that there should be a rebuttable presumption that the fair value of the goods or services received is the more readily determinable fair value. The Board reconsidered these proposed requirements when finalising the IFRS. It concluded that it would be more consistent with the primary accounting objective (explained in <xref href="IFRS02_BC64.dita#IFRS02_BC64" base="F15998675" id="IFRS02_X1082" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC64–BC66</xref>) to require equity‑settled share‑based payment transactions to be measured at the fair value of the goods or services received, unless that fair value cannot be estimated reliably (eg in transactions with employees). For transactions with parties other than employees, the Board concluded that, in many cases, it should be possible to measure reliably the fair value of the goods or services received, as noted above. Hence, the Board concluded that the IFRS should require an entity to presume that the fair value of the goods or services received can be measured reliably.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0050" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2596" class="- topic/p ">Paragraphs BC128A–BC128H are added as a consequence of amendments to IFRS 2 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Group Cash‑settled Share‑based Payment Transactions</ph></ph> issued in June 2009.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0051" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2597" class="- topic/p ">P J Saly, R Jagannathan and S J Huddart. 1999. Valuing the Reload Features of Executive Stock Options. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Horizons</i> 13 (3): 219–240.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0052" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2598" class="- topic/p ">ie vesting conditions other than market conditions.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0053" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2599" class="- topic/p ">The treatment of market conditions is discussed in <xref href="IFRS02_BC183.dita#IFRS02_BC183" base="F15998749" id="IFRS02_X1083" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC183 and BC184</xref>. As noted in <xref href="IFRS02_BC184.dita#IFRS02_BC184" base="F15998750" id="IFRS02_X1084" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph BC184</xref>, the practical difficulties that led the Board to conclude that non‑market conditions should be dealt with via the modified grant date method rather than being included in the grant date valuation do not apply to market conditions, because market conditions can be incorporated into option pricing models. </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0054" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2600" class="- topic/p ">However, an alternative approach is followed in some jurisdictions (eg Japan and the UK), where the entity recognises a gain when warrants lapse. But under the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph>, recognising a gain on the lapse of warrants would be appropriate only if warrants were liabilities, which they are not.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0055" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2601" class="- topic/p ">Paragraphs BC237C–BC237L are added as a consequence of amendments to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 2</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions</ph></ph>, issued in June 2016.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0056" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2602" class="- topic/p ">IAS 19 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph> (as amended in June 2011) renumbered and amended paragraphs BC11–BC14 as paragraphs BC52–BC55. The amendments changed the terminology for consistency with IAS 19.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0057" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2603" class="- topic/p ">Paragraphs BC255A–BC255P are added as a consequence of amendments to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 2</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions</ph></ph>, issued in June 2016.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0058" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2604" class="- topic/p ">Paragraphs BC268A–BC268O are added as a consequence of amendments to IFRS 2 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Group Cash‑settled Share‑based Payment Transactions</ph></ph> issued in June 2009.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0059" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2605" class="- topic/p ">now paragraph 4.37 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0060" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2606" class="- topic/p ">M E Barth, G Clinch and T Shibano. 2003. Market Effects of Recognition and Disclosure. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Journal of Accounting Research</i> 41(4): 581–609.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0061" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2607" class="- topic/p ">J N Carpenter. 1998. The exercise and valuation of executive stock options. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Journal of Financial Economics</i> 48: 127–158. R A Maller, R Tan and M Van De Vyver. 2002. How Might Companies Value ESOs? <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Australian Accounting Review</i> 12 (1): 11–24.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS02_FN0062" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS02_P2608" class="- topic/p ">Paragraphs BC371–BC382 are added as a consequence of amendments to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 2</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions</ph></ph> issued in June 2016.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>