<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F1260082" principles="no" id="IFRS08_33"><paranum>33</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 8"/><data name="paranum" value="33"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS08_P0135">An entity shall report the following geographical information, unless the necessary information is not available and the cost to develop it would be excessive:</p><ol base="F1260091" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS08_L0016"><li id="IFRS08_33_a"><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F1260092" id="IFRS08_P0136">revenues from external customers (i) attributed to the entity&#x2019;s country of domicile                      and (ii) attributed to all foreign countries in total from which the entity derives revenues. If revenues from external customers attributed to an individual foreign country are material, those revenues shall be disclosed separately. An entity shall disclose the basis for attributing revenues from external customers to individual countries.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS08_33_b"><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F1260094" id="IFRS08_P0137">non&#x2011;current assets<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS08_FN0002" type="fn"/>                      other than financial instruments, deferred tax assets, post&#x2011;employment benefit assets, and rights arising under insurance contracts (i) located in the entity&#x2019;s country of domicile and (ii) located in all foreign countries in total in which the entity holds assets. If assets in an individual foreign country are material, those assets shall be disclosed separately.</p>       </li></ol><p base="F1260095" id="IFRS08_P0138">The amounts reported shall be based on the financial information that is used to produce the entity&#x2019;s financial statements. If the necessary information is not available and the cost to develop it would be excessive,              that fact shall be disclosed. An entity may provide, in addition to the information required by this paragraph, subtotals of geographical information about groups of countries.</p></body></paragraph>