<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS09_BCE_82" base="F33205198" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BCE.82</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BCE.82" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS09_P7444" class="- topic/p ">However, the IASB does not expect preparers to incur significant incremental costs on an ongoing basis in comparison to applying <xref href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" base="F71918763" id="IFRS09_X3304" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 39</xref>. The IASB notes the following initial and ongoing costs and factors that mitigate the ongoing costs of applying IFRS 9 in comparison to IAS 39:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F33205200" id="IFRS09_L0407" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="F33205201" id="IFRS09_P7445" class="- topic/p ">the need to assess the business model. The entity’s business model is determined on a more aggregated basis than an individual financial instrument level that was the basis for classification under IAS 39. An entity’s business model is a matter of fact that can be observed by the way in which an entity is managed and information is provided to its management. The assessment is based on, for example, business plans and internal reporting, which should be available. Thus, the reporting is in a manner consistent with the entity’s actual business model and entities need not maintain dual reporting models for internal and external reporting.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="F33205203" id="IFRS09_P7446" class="- topic/p ">the need to assess the contractual cash flows of a financial asset. However:</p> <ol outputclass="static" base="F33205205" id="IFRS09_L0408" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p base="F33205206" id="IFRS09_P7447" class="- topic/p ">the contractual cash flows need not be analysed in all business models. They only need to be analysed to assess cash flows for the held to collect and the held to collect or sell business models.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p base="F33205208" id="IFRS09_P7448" class="- topic/p ">financial assets with more complex cash flows are expected to already have an analysis in place to assess the need to bifurcate and to measure the fair value of the asset in its entirety (under the fair value option) or in part in accordance with IAS 39; and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value> <p base="F33205210" id="IFRS09_P7449" class="- topic/p ">in other cases an entity is expected to already analyse contractual cash flows in order to determine the fair value for disclosure purposes in accordance with <xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001/IFRS07_TOC0001_V2" base="F71918765" id="IFRS09_X3305" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 7</xref>, particularly for assets below Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.</p></li></ol></li></ol></body></paragraph>