<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS09_BC6_245" base="F33207054" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC6.245</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC6.245" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS09_P6690" class="- topic/p ">The IASB also reconsidered the proposed objective of the hedge effectiveness assessment in the light of the concerns that it might result in a mathematical optimisation exercise. In particular, the IASB considered the effect of its proposal in situations in which a derivative is designated as a hedging instrument only after its inception so that it is already in or out of the money at the time of its designation (often colloquially referred to as a ‘late hedge’). The IASB considered whether the hedge ratio would have to be adjusted to take into account the (non-zero) fair value of the derivative at the time of its designation. This is because the fair value of the hedging instrument at the time of its designation is a present value. Over the remaining life of the hedging instrument this present value will accrete to the undiscounted amount (the ‘unwinding of the discount’). The IASB noted that there is no offsetting fair value change in the hedged item for this effect (unless the hedged item was also in or out of the money in an equal but opposite way). Consequently, in situations in which the derivative is designated as the hedging instrument after its inception, an entity would expect that the changes in the value of the hedging instrument will systematically either exceed or be less than the changes in the value of the hedged item (ie the hedge ratio would not be ‘unbiased’). To meet the proposed objective of the hedge effectiveness assessment an entity would need to explore whether it could adjust the hedge ratio to avoid the systematic difference between the value changes of the hedging instrument and the hedged item over the hedging period. However, to determine the ratio that would avoid that systematic difference, an entity would need to know what the actual price or rate of the underlying will be at the end of the hedging relationship. Hence, the IASB noted that the proposed objective of the hedge effectiveness assessment could be interpreted to the effect that, in the (quite common) situations in which an entity has a ‘late hedge’, the proposed hedge effectiveness requirements would not be met. This is because the entity would not be able to identify a hedge ratio for the designation of the hedging relationship that would not involve an expectation that the changes in value of the hedging instrument will systematically either exceed or be less than the changes in the value of the hedged item. The IASB did not intend this outcome when it developed its proposals in its 2010 Hedge Accounting Exposure Draft.</p></body></paragraph>