<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS09_BC4_44" base="F33204882" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC4.44</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC4.44" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS09_P5639" class="- topic/p ">The IASB also considered and rejected the following approaches to classification:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F33204884" id="IFRS09_L0232" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="F33204885" id="IFRS09_P5640" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Classification based on the definition of held for trading:</i> A few respondents suggested that all financial assets and financial liabilities that are not ‘held for trading’ should be eligible for measurement at amortised cost. However, in the IASB’s view, the notion of ‘held for trading’ is too narrow and cannot appropriately reflect all situations in which amortised cost does not provide useful information.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="F33204888" id="IFRS09_P5641" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Three-category approach:</i> Some respondents suggested retaining a three-category approach, ie including a third category similar to the available-for-sale category in <xref href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" base="F71849764" id="IFRS09_X2331" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 39</xref>. However, in the IASB’s view, such an approach would neither significantly improve nor reduce the complexity of the reporting for financial instruments.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p base="F33204891" id="IFRS09_P5642" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Classification based only on the business model:</i> A small number of respondents thought the contractual terms of the instrument condition was unnecessary and that classification should depend solely on the entity’s business model for managing financial instruments. However, in the IASB’s view, determining classification solely on the basis of how an entity manages its financial instruments would result in misleading information that is not useful to a user                                 in understanding the risks associated with complex or risky instruments. The IASB concluded, as had almost all respondents, that the contractual cash flow characteristics condition is required to ensure that amortised cost is used only when it provides information that is useful in predicting the entity’s future cash flows.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>         <p base="F33204894" id="IFRS09_P5643" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Amortised cost as the default option:</i> The IASB considered developing conditions that specified when a financial asset must be measured at fair value, with the requirement that all other financial instruments would be measured at amortised cost. The IASB rejected that approach because it believes that new conditions would have to be developed in the future to address innovative financial products. In addition, the IASB noted that such an approach would not be practical because an entity can apply amortised cost only to some types of financial instruments.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>         <p base="F33204898" id="IFRS09_P5644" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Originated loan approach:</i> In developing an approach to distinguish between financial assets measured at fair value and amortised cost the IASB considered a model in which only loans originated by the entity would qualify for amortised cost measurement. The IASB acknowledged that for originated instruments the entity potentially has better information about the future contractual cash flows and credit risk than for purchased loans. However, the IASB decided not to pursue that approach, mainly because some entities manage originated and purchased loans in the same portfolio. Distinguishing between originated and purchased loans, which would be done mainly for accounting purposes, would involve systems changes. In addition, the IASB noted that ‘originated loans’ might easily be created by placing purchased loans into an investment vehicle. The IASB also noted that the definition of loans and receivables in IAS 39 had created application problems in practice.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>