<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="CONSTITUTION_11" base="F22464453" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">11</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Foundation" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="11" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="CONSTITUTION_P0027" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Chair and up to two Vice-Chairs of the       Trustees shall be appointed by the Trustees, subject to the approval of the Monitoring       Board:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="ol_cfy_rsl_wfb" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">The Chair may be appointed from among the Trustees or recruited           externally. With the agreement of the Trustees, a Chair that is appointed from among the           Trustees may serve as Chair for a term of three years, renewable twice, from the date of           appointment as Chair, but may not exceed nine consecutive years in total length of           service, whether in the capacity of Trustee, Vice-Chair and/or Chair. If the Chair is           appointed through an external recruitment process, he or she may serve as Chair for a term           of three years, renewable twice, up to a maximum of nine consecutive years in total length           of service as Chair. The appointment of a Chair should be made with regard to maintaining           a geographical balance.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">Vice-Chairs shall only be appointed from among the Trustees.           Their role shall be to chair meetings of the Trustees in the absence of the Chair or to           represent the Chair in external contacts. With the agreement of the Trustees, a Vice-Chair           may serve for a term of three years, renewable twice, from the date of appointment as           Vice-Chair, but may not exceed nine consecutive years in total length of service as a           Trustee. The appointment of a Vice-Chair(s) should be made with regard to maintaining a           geographical balance.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>