<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="Edu_d5e1712" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Edu Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn base="IAS01_6" id="IAS02_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS02_P0129" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, March 2017, Agenda           Decision, ‘<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Commodity loans</i>’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request on how to account for a commodity loan transaction.           Specifically, the transaction is one in which a bank borrows gold from a third party           (Contract 1) and then lends that gold to a different third party for the same term and for           a higher fee (Contract 2). The bank enters into the two contracts in contemplation of each           other, but the contracts are not linked—ie the bank negotiates the contracts independently           of each other. In each contract, the borrower obtains legal title to the gold at inception           and has an obligation to return, at the end of the contract, gold of the same quality and           quantity as that received. In exchange for the loan of gold, each borrower pays a fee to           the respective lender over the term of the contract but there are no cash flows at           inception of the contract.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee was asked whether, for the term of the two           contracts, the bank that borrows and then lends the gold recognises:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p id="IAS02_P0130" class="- topic/p ">an asset representing the gold (or the right to receive gold);               and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS02_P0131" class="- topic/p ">a liability representing the obligation to deliver gold.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS02_P0132" class="- topic/p ">The Committee observed that the particular           transaction in the submission might not be clearly captured within the scope of any IFRS           Standard. [<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The Committee observed, however, that particular IFRS Standards would apply             to other transactions involving commodities (for example, the purchase of commodities             for use in an entity’s production process, or the sale of commodities to           customers).</i>] In the absence of a Standard that specifically applies to a transaction,           an entity applies paragraphs 10 and 11 of IAS 8 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and               Errors</ph></ph> in developing and applying an accounting policy to the transaction.           In doing so, paragraph 11 of IAS 8 requires an entity to consider:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p id="IAS02_P0133" class="- topic/p ">whether there are requirements in IFRS Standards dealing with               similar and related issues; and, if not;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS02_P0134" class="- topic/p ">how to account for the transaction applying the definitions,               recognition criteria and measurement concepts for assets, liabilities, income and               expenses in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS02_P0135" class="- topic/p ">The Committee noted that, applying paragraph 10 of IAS 8, the accounting           policy developed must result in information that is (i) relevant to the economic           decision-making needs of users of financial statements; and (ii) reliable—ie represents           faithfully the financial position, financial performance and cash flows of the entity;           reflects the economic substance; and is neutral, prudent and complete in all material           respects. The Committee observed that, in considering the requirements that deal with           similar and related issues, an entity considers all the requirements dealing with those           similar and related issues, including relevant disclosure requirements.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee also observed that the requirements in paragraph 112(c) of IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial               Statements</ph></ph> are relevant if an entity develops an accounting policy applying           paragraphs 10 and 11 of IAS 8 for a commodity loan transaction such as that described in           the submission. In applying these requirements, an entity considers whether additional           disclosures are needed to provide information relevant to an understanding of the           accounting for, and risks associated with, such commodity loan transactions.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that it would be unable to resolve the question asked efficiently           within the confines of existing IFRS Standards. The wide range of transactions involving           commodities means that any narrow-scope standard-setting activity would be of limited           benefit to entities and would have a high risk of unintended consequences. Consequently,           the Committee decided not to add this matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS02_6" id="EDUFN_ad2019_june_ap12_IAS38" class="- topic/fn ">                  <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee discussed how IFRS Standards apply to holdings of cryptocurrencies.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee noted that a range of cryptoassets exist. For           the purposes of its discussion, the Committee considered a subset of cryptoassets with all           the following characteristics that this agenda decision refers to as a           ‘cryptocurrency’:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">a digital or virtual currency recorded on a distributed ledger that uses cryptography               for security.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">not issued by a jurisdictional authority or other party.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">does not give rise to a contract between the holder and another party.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p ">Nature of a cryptocurrency</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 8 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS               38</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Intangible Assets</ph></ph> defines an           intangible asset as ‘an identifiable non-monetary asset without physical substance’.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 12 of IAS 38 states that an asset is identifiable if it is separable or arises           from contractual or other legal rights. An asset is separable if it ‘is capable of being           separated or divided from the entity and sold, transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged,           either individually or together with a related contract, identifiable asset or           liability’.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 16 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS               21</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange               Rates</ph></ph> states that ‘the essential feature of a non-monetary item is the           absence of a right to receive (or an obligation to deliver) a fixed or determinable number           of units of currency’.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee observed that a holding of cryptocurrency meets the definition of an           intangible asset in IAS 38 on the grounds that (a) it is capable of being separated from           the holder and sold or transferred individually; and (b) it does not give the holder a           right to receive a fixed or determinable number of units of currency.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p ">Which IFRS Standard applies to holdings           of cryptocurrencies?</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 2</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Inventories</ph></ph> applies to cryptocurrencies when they are held for sale in the           ordinary course of business. If IAS 2 is not applicable, an entity applies IAS 38 to           holdings of cryptocurrencies. The Committee considered the following in reaching its           conclusion.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p ">Intangible Asset</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">IAS 38 applies in accounting for all intangible assets           except:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">those that are within the scope of another Standard;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">financial assets, as defined in <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">the recognition and measurement of exploration and evaluation assets; and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">d.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">expenditure on the development and extraction of minerals, oil, natural gas and               similar non-regenerative resources.</p>           </li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">Accordingly, the Committee considered whether a holding of cryptocurrency meets the           definition of a financial asset in IAS 32 or is within the scope of another Standard.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p ">Financial asset</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 11 of IAS 32 defines a financial asset. In summary, a financial asset is any           asset that is: (a) cash; (b) an equity instrument of another entity; (c) a contractual           right to receive cash or another financial asset from another entity; (d) a contractual           right to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity under           particular conditions; or (e) a particular contract that will or may be settled in the           entity’s own equity instruments.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that a holding of cryptocurrency is not a financial asset. This           is because a cryptocurrency is not cash (see below). Nor is it an equity instrument of           another entity. It does not give rise to a contractual right for the holder and it is not           a contract that will or may be settled in the holder’s own equity instruments.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Cash</i></p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph AG3 of IAS 32 states that ‘currency (cash) is a financial asset because it           represents the medium of exchange and is therefore the basis on which all transactions are           measured and recognised in financial statements. A deposit of cash with a bank or similar           financial institution is a financial asset because it represents the contractual right of           the depositor to obtain cash from the institution or to draw a cheque or similar           instrument against the balance in favour of a creditor in payment of a financial           liability’. </p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee observed that the description of cash in paragraph AG3 of IAS 32 implies           that cash is expected to be used as a medium of exchange (ie used in exchange for goods or           services) and as the monetary unit in pricing goods or services to such an extent that it           would be the basis on which all transactions are measured and recognised in financial           statements. </p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Some cryptocurrencies can be used in exchange for particular good or services. However,           the Committee noted that it is not aware of any cryptocurrency that is used as a medium of           exchange and as the monetary unit in pricing goods or services to such an extent that it           would be the basis on which all transactions are measured and recognised in financial           statements. Consequently, the Committee concluded that a holding of cryptocurrency is not           cash because cryptocurrencies do not currently have the characteristics of cash.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p ">Inventory</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">IAS 2 applies to inventories of intangible assets. Paragraph           6 of that Standard defines inventories as assets:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">held for sale in the ordinary course of business;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">in the process of production for such sale; or</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">in the form of materials or supplies to be consumed in the production process or in               the rendering of services.</p>           </li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee observed that an entity may hold cryptocurrencies for sale in the ordinary           course of business. In that circumstance, a holding of cryptocurrency is inventory for the           entity and, accordingly, IAS 2 applies to that holding.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee also observed that an entity may act as a broker-trader of           cryptocurrencies. In that circumstance, the entity considers the requirements in paragraph           3(b) of IAS 2 for commodity broker-traders who measure their inventories at fair value           less costs to sell. Paragraph 5 of IAS 2 states that broker-traders are those who buy or           sell commodities for others or on their own account. The inventories referred to in           paragraph 3(b) are principally acquired with the purpose of selling in the near future and           generating a profit from fluctuations in price or broker-traders’ margin.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p ">Disclosure</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In addition to disclosures otherwise required by IFRS           Standards, an entity is required to disclose any additional information that is relevant           to an understanding of its financial statements (paragraph 112 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>). In           particular, the Committee noted the following disclosure requirements in the context of           holdings of cryptocurrencies:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">An entity provides the disclosures required by (i) paragraphs 36–39 of IAS 2 for               cryptocurrencies held for sale in the ordinary course of business; and (ii) paragraphs               118–128 of IAS 38 for holdings of cryptocurrencies to which it applies IAS 38.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">If an entity measures holdings of cryptocurrencies at fair value, paragraphs 91–99                 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph> specify applicable               disclosure requirements.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">Applying paragraph 122 of IAS 1, an entity discloses judgements that its management               has made regarding its accounting for holdings of cryptocurrencies if those are part               of the judgements that had the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in               the financial statements.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">d.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 21 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS                   10</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Events after the Reporting                 Period</ph></ph> requires an entity to disclose details of any material               non-adjusting events, including information about the nature of the event and an               estimate of its financial effect (or a statement that such an estimate cannot be               made). For example, an entity holding cryptocurrencies would consider whether changes               in the fair value of those holdings after the reporting period are of such               significance that non-disclosure could influence the economic decisions that users of               financial statements make on the basis of the financial statements.]</p>           </li></ol>       </fn> <fn base="IAS02_6" id="IAS02_FN0002" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS02_P0136" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, November 2014,           Agenda Decision, ‘IAS 16 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Property, Plant and Equipment</i> and           IAS 2 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Inventories</i>—Accounting for core inventories’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify           the accounting for ‘core inventories’. The submitter defined core inventories as a minimum           amount of material that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>             <p id="IAS02_P0137" class="- topic/p ">is necessary to permit a production facility to start operating and               to maintain subsequent production;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>             <p id="IAS02_P0138" class="- topic/p ">cannot be physically separated from other inventories; and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>             <p id="IAS02_P0139" class="- topic/p ">can be removed only when the production facility is finally               decommissioned or is at a considerable financial charge.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS02_P0140" class="- topic/p ">The issue is whether core inventories should be accounted for under           IAS 16 or IAS 2.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee discussed the issue at its March 2014 meeting and           tentatively decided to develop an Interpretation. The Interpretations Committee further           directed the staff to define the scope of what is considered to be core inventories and to           analyse the applicability of the concept to a range of industries.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">At its July 2014 meeting the Interpretations Committee discussed the feedback received           from informal consultations with IASB members, the proposed scope of core inventories and           the staff analysis of the applicability of the issue to a range of industries.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee observed that what might constitute core inventories, and           how they are accounted for, can vary between industries. The Interpretations Committee           noted that significant judgement might be needed in determining the appropriate           accounting. Disclosure about such judgements might therefore be needed in accordance with           paragraph 122 of IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that it did not have clear evidence that the           differences in accounting were caused by differences in how IAS 2 and IAS 16 were being           applied. In the absence of such evidence, the Interpretations Committee decided to remove           this item from its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS02_6" id="IAS02_6_EDUFN" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, June 2021, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 2</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Inventories</ph></ph>—Costs Necessary to Sell           Inventories’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about the costs an entity           includes as the ‘estimated costs necessary to make the sale’ when determining the net           realisable value of inventories. In particular, the request asked whether an entity           includes all costs necessary to make the sale or only those that are incremental to the           sale.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 6 of IAS 2 defines net realisable value as ‘the estimated selling price in the           ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs           necessary to make the sale’. <xref href="IAS02_g28-33.dita#IAS02_g28_33/IAS02_g28_33_TI" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraphs 28–33 of IAS 2</xref> include further requirements about how an entity           estimates the net realisable value of inventories. Those paragraphs do not identify which           specific costs are ‘necessary to make the sale’ of inventories. However,<xref href="IAS02_28.dita#IAS02_28" class="- topic/xref "> paragraph 28 of IAS 2</xref> describes the objective of           writing inventories down to their net realisable value—that objective is to avoid           inventories being carried ‘in excess of amounts expected to be realised from their           sale’.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee observed that, when determining the net realisable value of inventories,           IAS 2 requires an entity to estimate the costs necessary to make the sale. This           requirement does not allow an entity to limit such costs to only those that are           incremental, thereby potentially excluding costs the entity must incur to sell its           inventories but that are not incremental to a particular sale. Including only incremental           costs could fail to achieve the objective set out in paragraph 28 of IAS 2.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that, when determining the net realisable value of inventories,           an entity estimates the costs necessary to make the sale in the ordinary course of           business. An entity uses its judgement to determine which costs are necessary to make the           sale considering its specific facts and circumstances, including the nature of the           inventories.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an           adequate basis for an entity to determine whether the estimated costs necessary to make           the sale are limited to incremental costs when determining the net realisable value of           inventories. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project to           the work plan.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS02_11" id="IAS02_FN0003" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS02_P0141" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, August 2002, Agenda           Decision, ‘Inventories - cash discounts’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">This issue considers how a purchaser of goods should account for cash discounts           received.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC agreed not to require publication of an Interpretation on this issue             because <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 2</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Inventories</ph></ph> paragraph 8 provides adequate           guidance. Cash discounts received should be deducted from the cost of the goods purchased.           [Paragraph 8 was renumbered paragraph 11 of IAS 2 as a result of the Improvements           project.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS02_11" id="IAS02_FN0004" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS02_P0142" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, November 2004,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS               2</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Inventories</ph></ph>: Discounts and           rebates’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC considered three related questions on the           application of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS               2</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Inventories</ph></ph> that had been referred           to it by the Urgent Issues Group (UIG) of the Australian Accounting Standards Board:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">whether discounts received for prompt settlement of invoices should be deducted from               the cost of inventories or recognised as financing income.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">whether all other rebates should be deducted from the cost of inventories. The               alternative would be to treat some rebates as revenue or a reduction in promotional               expenses.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">whether volume rebates should be recognised only when threshold volumes are achieved,               or proportionately where achievement is assessed as probable.</p>           </li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">On (a), the IFRIC tentatively agreed that settlement discounts should be deducted from           the cost of inventories. Because the requirements under IFRSs were sufficiently clear, the           IFRIC tentatively agreed that the matter should not be added to the agenda.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">On (b), the IFRIC tentatively agreed that IAS 2 requires           only those rebates and discounts that have been received as a reduction in the purchase           price of inventories to be taken into consideration in the measurement of the cost of the           inventories. Rebates that specifically and genuinely refund selling expenses would not be           deducted from the costs of inventories. Because the requirements under IFRSs were           sufficiently clear, the IFRIC tentatively agreed that the matter should not be added to           the agenda.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">On (c), the IFRIC tentatively agreed that there was insufficient evidence of diversity in           practice to warrant the matter being added to the agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS02_18" id="IAS02_FN0005" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS02_P0143" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, November 2015,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 2</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Inventories</ph></ph>—Prepayments in           long-term supply contracts’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request seeking clarification on the accounting           for long-term supply contracts for inventories when the purchaser agrees to make           significant prepayments to the supplier. The question considered is whether the purchaser           should accrete interest on long-term prepayments by recognising interest income, resulting           in an increase in the cost of inventories and, ultimately, the cost of sales.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee discussed this issue and noted that paragraph 18 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 2</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Inventories</ph></ph> requires that when an entity           purchases inventories on deferred settlement terms, and the arrangement contains a           financing element, the difference between the purchase price on normal credit terms and           the amount paid is recognised separately as interest expense over the period of the           financing. It also noted that <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Property,               Plant and Equipment</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 38</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Intangible               Assets</ph></ph> include similar requirements when payment for an asset is             deferred. <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 15</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue from Contracts with               Customers,</ph></ph> issued in May 2014, additionally includes the requirement that           the financing component of a transaction should be recognised separately in circumstances           of both prepayment and deferral of payment.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee conducted outreach on this           issue, but the outreach returned very limited results. In the absence of evidence about           this issue, and of a broader range of information about the facts and circumstances           relating to these transactions, the Interpretations Committee thought it would be           difficult for it to address this topic efficiently and effectively. The Interpretations           Committee observed, however, that when a financing component is identified in a long-term           supply contract, that financing component should be accounted for separately. The           Interpretations Committee acknowledged that judgement is required to identify when           individual arrangements contain a financing component.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee concluded that this issue did not meet its agenda criteria           and therefore it decided to remove this issue from its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS02_g28-33" id="IAS02_FN0006" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS02_P0144" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, March           2004, ‘Consumption of inventories by a service organisation’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The issue related to the consumption of inventories by a service entity, in particular           the assessment of net realisable value when the inventory is consumed as part of the           service rendered.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that the same issues existed for commercial entities. The IFRIC concluded           that this matter was one of assessing the recoverability of an asset without a direct cash           flow.]</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>