<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS15_IE58C" base="F48709263"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>IE58C</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;15"/><data name="paranum" value="IE58C"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS15_P1011">The entity further determines that its promises to transfer the equipment and to provide the installation services are each separately identifiable (in accordance with <xref id="IFRS15_X1207" base="F51966662" href="IFRS15_27.dita#IFRS15_27/IFRS15_27_V2">paragraph&#xa0;27(b) of IFRS&#xa0;15</xref>). The entity considers the principle and the factors in <xref id="IFRS15_X1208" base="F51966663" href="IFRS15_29.dita#IFRS15_29/IFRS15_29_V2">paragraph&#xa0;29 of IFRS&#xa0;15</xref> in determining that the equipment and the installation services are not inputs to a combined item in this contract. In this case, each of the factors in paragraph&#xa0;29 of IFRS&#xa0;15 contributes to, but is not individually determinative of, the conclusion that the equipment and the installation services are separately identifiable as follows: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS15_L0107" base="F48709265" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P1012" base="F48709266">The entity is not providing a significant integration service. That is, the entity has promised to deliver the equipment and then install it; the entity would be able to fulfil its promise to transfer the equipment separately from its promise to subsequently install it. The entity has not promised to combine the equipment and the installation services in a way that would transform them into a combined output.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P1013" base="F48709268">The entity&#x2019;s installation services will not significantly customise or significantly modify the equipment.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P1014" base="F48709270">Although the customer can benefit from the installation services only after it has obtained control of the equipment, the installation services do not significantly affect the equipment because the entity would be able to fulfil its promise to transfer the equipment independently of its promise to provide the installation services. Because the equipment and the installation services do not each significantly affect the other, they are not highly interdependent or highly interrelated.</p></li></ol><p id="IFRS15_P1015" base="F49006477">On the basis of this assessment, the entity identifies two performance obligations in the contract for the following goods or services:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS15_L0108" base="F48709273" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P1016" base="F48709274">the equipment; and</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P1017" base="F48709276">installation services.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>