<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS15_IE294"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>IE294</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="IE294"/></prolog><body><variant id="IFRS15_IE294_V2" base="F49800392"> <p id="IFRS15_P1973">The entity assesses, in accordance with <xref id="IFRS15_X1511" base="F49800393" href="IFRS15_B58.dita#IFRS15_B58">paragraph B58 of IFRS 15</xref>, the nature of the entity’s promise to grant the franchise licence. The entity concludes that the criteria in paragraph B58 of IFRS 15 are met and the nature of the entity’s promise is to provide access to the entity’s intellectual property in its current form throughout the licence period. This is because:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS15_L0142" base="F49800394" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P1974" base="F49800396">the entity concludes that the customer would reasonably expect that the entity will undertake activities that will significantly affect the intellectual property to which the customer has rights. The ability of the customer to obtain benefit from the intellectual property to which the customer has rights is substantially derived from, or dependent upon, the expected activities of the entity. This is on the basis of the entity’s customary business practice to undertake activities such as analysing the consumers’ changing preferences and implementing product improvements, pricing strategies, marketing campaigns and operational efficiencies. In addition, the entity observes that because part of its compensation is dependent on the success of the franchisee (as evidenced through the sales-based royalty), the entity has a shared economic interest with the customer that indicates that the customer will expect the entity to undertake those activities to maximise earnings.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P1975" base="F49800398">the entity also observes that the franchise licence requires the customer to implement any changes that result from those activities and thus exposes the customer to any positive or negative effects of those activities.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P1976" base="F49800400">the entity also observes that even though the customer may benefit from the activities through the rights granted by the licence, they do not transfer a good or service to the customer as those activities occur.</p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>