<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_141" base="F16152686" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">141</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="141" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS19_P0631" class="- topic/p ">Each reconciliation listed in <xref href="IAS19_140.dita#IAS19_140" id="IAS19_X0462" base="F16227834" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 140</xref> shall show each of the following, if applicable:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS19_L0080" base="F16152698" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IAS19_141_a" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0632" base="F16152699" class="- topic/p ">current service cost.</p></li><li id="IAS19_141_b" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0633" base="F16152701" class="- topic/p ">interest income or expense.</p></li><li id="IAS19_141_c" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0634" base="F16152703" class="- topic/p ">remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability (asset), showing separately:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IAS19_L0081" base="F16152705" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IAS19_141_c_i" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0635" base="F16152706" class="- topic/p ">the return on plan assets, excluding amounts included in interest in (b).</p></li><li id="IAS19_141_c_ii" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0636" base="F16152711" class="- topic/p ">actuarial gains and losses arising from changes in demographic assumptions (see <xref href="IAS19_76.dita#IAS19_76" id="IAS19_X0463" base="F16227845" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 76(a)</xref>).</p></li><li id="IAS19_141_c_iii" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0637" base="F16152713" class="- topic/p ">actuarial gains and losses arising from changes in financial assumptions (see <xref href="IAS19_76.dita#IAS19_76" id="IAS19_X0464" base="F16227846" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 76(b)</xref>).</p></li><li id="IAS19_141_c_iv" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iv)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0638" base="F16152715" class="- topic/p ">changes in the effect of limiting a net defined benefit asset to the asset ceiling, excluding amounts included in interest in (b). An entity shall also disclose how it determined the maximum economic benefit available, ie whether those benefits would be in the form of refunds, reductions in future contributions or a combination of both.</p></li></ol></li><li id="IAS19_141_d" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0639" base="F16152717" class="- topic/p ">past service cost and gains and losses arising from settlements. As permitted by <xref href="IAS19_100.dita#IAS19_100" id="IAS19_X0465" base="F16227852" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 100</xref>, past service cost and gains and losses arising from settlements need not be distinguished if they occur together.</p></li><li id="IAS19_141_e" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0640" base="F16152719" class="- topic/p ">the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates.</p></li><li id="IAS19_141_f" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0641" base="F16152741" class="- topic/p ">contributions to the plan, showing separately those by the employer and by plan participants.</p></li><li id="IAS19_141_g" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0642" base="F16152743" class="- topic/p ">payments from the plan, showing separately the amount paid in respect of any settlements.</p></li><li id="IAS19_141_h" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(h)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0643" base="F16152745" class="- topic/p ">the effects of business combinations and disposals.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>