<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_37" base="F16150145" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">37</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="37" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS19_P0191" class="- topic/p ">There may be a contractual agreement between the multi‑employer plan and its participants that determines how the surplus in the plan will be distributed to the participants (or the deficit funded). A participant in a multi‑employer plan with such an agreement that accounts for the plan as a defined contribution plan in accordance with <xref href="IAS19_34.dita#IAS19_34" id="IAS19_X0265" base="F16223844" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 34</xref> shall recognise the asset or liability that arises from the contractual agreement and the resulting income or expense in profit or loss.</p><table outputclass="ruled" id="IAS19_TAB0003" base="F16150146" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> Example illustrating paragraph 37</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0193" base="F16150148" class="- topic/p ">An entity participates in a multi‑employer defined benefit plan that does not prepare plan valuations on an IAS 19 basis. It therefore accounts for the plan as if it were a defined contribution plan. A non‑IAS 19 funding valuation shows a deficit of CU100 million<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS19_FN0008" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> in the plan. The plan has agreed under contract a schedule of contributions with the participating employers in the plan that will eliminate the deficit over the next five years. The entity’s total contributions under the contract are CU8 million.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0194" base="F16150149" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The entity recognises a liability for the contributions adjusted for the time value of money and an equal expense in profit or loss.</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>