<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_73" base="F16150526" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">73</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="73" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS19_P0417" class="- topic/p ">The obligation increases until the date when further service by the employee will lead to no material amount of further benefits. Therefore, all benefit is attributed to periods ending on or before that date. Benefit is attributed to individual accounting periods under the plan’s benefit formula.  However, if an employee’s service in later years will lead to a materially higher level of benefit than in earlier years, an entity attributes benefit on a straight‑line basis until the date when further service by the employee will lead to no material amount of further benefits. That is because the employee’s service throughout the entire period will ultimately lead to benefit at that higher level.</p><table outputclass="ruled" id="IAS19_TAB0007" base="F16150527" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="5*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="95*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> Examples illustrating <xref href="#IAS19_73" id="IAS19_X0338" base="F16227370" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 73</xref></entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0419" base="F16150530" class="- topic/p ">1</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0420" base="F16150529" class="- topic/p ">A plan pays a lump sum benefit of CU1,000 that vests after ten years of service. The plan provides no further benefit for subsequent service.</p> <p id="IAS19_P0421" base="F16150531" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">A benefit of CU100 (CU1,000 divided by ten) is attributed to each of the first ten years.</i></p> <p id="IAS19_P0422" base="F16150533" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The current service cost in each of the first ten years reflects the probability that the employee may not complete ten years of service. No benefit is attributed to subsequent years.</i></p></entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0423" base="F16150535" class="- topic/p ">2</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0424" base="F16150596" class="- topic/p ">A plan pays a lump sum retirement benefit of CU2,000 to all employees who are still employed at the age of 55 after twenty years of service, or who are still employed at the age of 65, regardless of their length of service.</p> <p id="IAS19_P0425" base="F16150597" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">For employees who join before the age of 35, service first leads to benefits under the plan at the age of 35 (an employee could leave at the age of 30 and return at the age of 33, with no effect on the amount or timing of benefits). Those benefits are conditional on further service. Also, service beyond the age of 55 will lead to no material amount of further benefits. For these employees, the entity attributes benefit of CU100 (CU2,000 divided by twenty) to each year from the age of 35 to the age of 55.</i></p> <p id="IAS19_P0426" base="F16150599" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">For employees who join between the ages of 35 and 45, service beyond twenty years will lead to no material amount of further benefits. For these employees, the entity attributes benefit of 100 (2,000 divided by twenty) to each of the first twenty years.</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0427" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "/></entry><entry colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0428" base="F16150601" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">For an employee who joins at the age of 55, service beyond ten years will lead to no material amount of further benefits. For this employee, the entity attributes benefit of CU200 (CU2,000 divided by ten) to each of the first ten years.</i></p> <p id="IAS19_P0429" base="F16150603" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">For all employees, the current service cost and the present value of the obligation reflect the probability that the employee may not complete the necessary period of service.</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0430" base="F16150605" class="- topic/p ">3</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0431" base="F16150669" class="- topic/p ">A post-employment medical plan reimburses 40 per cent of an employee’s post-employment medical costs if the employee leaves after more than ten and less than twenty years of service and 50 per cent of those costs if the employee leaves after twenty or more years of service.</p> <p id="IAS19_P0432" base="F16150670" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Under the plan’s benefit formula, the entity attributes 4 per cent of the present value of the expected medical costs (40 per cent divided by ten) to each of the first ten years and 1 per cent (10 per cent divided by ten) to each of the second ten years. The current service cost in each year reflects the probability that the employee may not complete the necessary period of service to earn part or all of the benefits. For employees expected to leave within ten years, no benefit is attributed.</i></p></entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0433" base="F16150672" class="- topic/p ">4</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0434" base="F16150673" class="- topic/p ">A post-employment medical plan reimburses 10 per cent of an employee’s post-employment medical costs if the employee leaves after more than ten and less than twenty years of service and 50 per cent of those costs if the employee leaves after twenty or more years of service.</p> <p id="IAS19_P0435" base="F16150674" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Service in later years will lead to a materially higher level of benefit than in earlier years. Therefore, for employees expected to leave after twenty or more years, the entity attributes benefit on a straight-line basis under <xref href="IAS19_71.dita#IAS19_71" id="IAS19_X0339" base="F16227383" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 71</xref>. Service beyond twenty years will lead to no material amount of further benefits. Therefore, the benefit attributed to each of the first twenty years is 2.5 per cent of the present value of the expected medical costs (50 per cent divided by twenty).</i></p> <p id="IAS19_P0436" base="F16150676" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">For employees expected to leave between ten and twenty years, the benefit attributed to each of the first ten years is 1 per cent of the present value of the expected medical costs.</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0437" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "/></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0438" base="F16150678" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">For these employees, no benefit is attributed to service between the end of the tenth year and the estimated date of leaving.</i></p> <p id="IAS19_P0439" base="F16150749" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">For employees expected to leave within ten years, no benefit is attributed.</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>