<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_170" base="F16153032" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">170</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="170" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS19_P0737" class="- topic/p ">Because termination benefits are not provided in exchange for service, <xref href="IAS19_g70-70.dita" base="F16228064" id="IAS19_X0516" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 70–74</xref> relating to the attribution of the benefit to periods of service are not relevant.</p><table outputclass="ruled" base="F16153033" frame="all" orient="port" id="IAS19_TAB0009" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Example illustrating <xref href="IAS19_g159-171.dita#IAS19_g159_171" base="F16452587" id="IAS19_X0517" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 159–170</xref>             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16153036" id="IAS19_P0739" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Background</i></p>               <p base="F16153037" id="IAS19_P0740" class="- topic/p ">As a result of a recent acquisition, an entity plans to close a factory in ten months and, at that time, terminate the employment of all of the remaining employees at the factory. Because the entity needs the expertise of the employees at the factory to complete some contracts, it announces a plan of termination as follows.</p>               <p base="F16153038" id="IAS19_P0741" class="- topic/p ">Each employee who stays and renders service until the closure of the factory will receive on the termination date a cash payment of CU30,000. Employees leaving before closure of the factory will receive CU10,000.</p>               <p base="F16153039" id="IAS19_P0742" class="- topic/p ">There are 120 employees at the factory. At the time of announcing the plan, the entity expects 20 of them to leave before closure. Therefore, the total expected cash outflows under the plan are CU3,200,000 (ie 20 × CU10,000 + 100 × CU30,000). As required by <xref href="IAS19_160.dita#IAS19_160" base="F16228065" id="IAS19_X0518" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 160</xref>, the entity accounts for benefits provided in exchange for termination of employment as termination benefits and accounts for benefits provided in exchange for services as short-term employee benefits.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16153040" id="IAS19_P0743" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Termination benefits</i></p>               <p base="F16153045" id="IAS19_P0744" class="- topic/p ">The benefit provided in exchange for termination of employment is CU10,000. This is the amount that an entity would have to pay for terminating the employment regardless of whether the employees stay and render service until closure of the factory or they leave before closure. Even though the employees can leave before closure, the termination of all employees’ employment is a result of the entity’s decision to close the factory and terminate their employment (ie all employees will leave employment when the factory closes). Therefore the entity recognises a liability of CU1,200,000 (ie 120 × CU10,000) for the termination benefits provided in accordance with the employee benefit plan at the earlier of when the plan of termination is announced and when the entity recognises the restructuring costs associated with the closure of the factory.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16153046" id="IAS19_P0745" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Benefits provided in exchange for service</i></p>               <p base="F16153048" id="IAS19_P0746" class="- topic/p ">The incremental benefits that employees will receive if they provide services for the full ten-month period are in exchange for services provided over that period. The entity accounts for them as short-term employee benefits because the entity expects to settle them before twelve months after the end of the annual reporting period. In this example, discounting is not required, so an expense of CU200,000 (ie CU2,000,000 ÷ 10) is recognised in each month during the service period of ten months, with a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the liability.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>