<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_71" base="F16150357" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">71</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="71" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS19_P0397" class="- topic/p ">The projected unit credit method  requires an entity to attribute benefit to the current period (in order to determine current service cost) and the current and prior periods (in order to determine the present value of defined benefit obligations). An entity attributes benefit to periods in which the obligation to provide post‑employment benefits arises. That obligation arises as employees render services in return for post‑employment benefits that an entity expects to pay in future reporting periods. Actuarial techniques allow an entity to measure that obligation with sufficient reliability to justify recognition of a liability.</p><table outputclass="ruled" id="IAS19_TAB0005" base="F16150358" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="5*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="95*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> Examples illustrating <xref href="#IAS19_71" id="IAS19_X0335" base="F16227345" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 71</xref></entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0399" base="F16150374" class="- topic/p ">1</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0400" base="F16150362" class="- topic/p ">A defined benefit plan provides a lump sum benefit of CU100 payable on retirement for each year of service.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0401" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "/></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0402" base="F16150363" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">A benefit of CU100 is attributed to each year. The current service cost is the present value of CU100. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is the present value of CU100, multiplied by the number of years of service up to the end of the reporting period.</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0403" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "/></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0404" base="F16150366" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">If the benefit is payable immediately when the employee leaves the entity, the current service cost and the present value of the defined benefit obligation reflect the date at which the employee is expected to leave. Thus, because of the effect of discounting, they are less than the amounts that would be determined if the employee left at the end of the reporting period.</i></p></entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0405" base="F16150375" class="- topic/p ">2</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0406" base="F16150368" class="- topic/p ">A plan provides a monthly pension of 0.2 per cent of final salary for each year of service. The pension is payable from the age of 65.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0407" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "/></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0408" base="F16150369" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Benefit equal to the present value, at the expected retirement date, of a monthly pension of 0.2 per cent of the estimated final salary payable from the expected retirement date until the expected date of death is attributed to each year of service. The current service cost is the present value of that benefit. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is the present value of monthly pension payments of 0.2 per cent of final salary, multiplied by the number of years of service up to the end of the reporting period. The current service cost and the present value of the defined benefit obligation are discounted because pension payments begin at the age of 65.</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>