<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_72" base="F16150371" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">72</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="72" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS19_P0409" class="- topic/p ">Employee service gives rise to an obligation under a defined benefit plan even if the benefits are conditional on future employment (in other words they are not vested). Employee service before the vesting date gives rise to a constructive obligation because, at the end of each successive reporting period, the amount of future service that an employee will have to render before becoming entitled to the benefit is reduced. In measuring its defined benefit obligation, an entity considers the probability that some employees may not satisfy any vesting requirements. Similarly, although some post‑employment benefits, for example, post‑employment medical benefits, become payable only if a specified event occurs when an employee is no longer employed, an obligation is created when the employee renders service that will provide entitlement to the benefit if the specified event occurs. The probability that the specified event will occur affects the measurement of the obligation, but does not determine whether the obligation exists.</p><table outputclass="ruled" id="IAS19_TAB0006" base="F16150372" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="5*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="95*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> Examples illustrating <xref href="#IAS19_72" id="IAS19_X0336" base="F16227361" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 72</xref></entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0411" base="F16150376" class="- topic/p ">1</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0412" base="F16150377" class="- topic/p ">A plan pays a benefit of CU100 for each year of service. The benefits vest after ten years of service.</p> <p id="IAS19_P0413" base="F16150378" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">A benefit of CU100 is attributed to each year. In each of the first ten years, the current service cost and the present value of the obligation reflect the probability that the employee may not complete ten years of service.</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0414" base="F16150380" class="- topic/p ">2</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P0415" base="F16150381" class="- topic/p ">A plan pays a benefit of CU100 for each year of service, excluding service before the age of 25. The benefits vest immediately.</p> <p id="IAS19_P0416" base="F16150382" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">No benefit is attributed to service before the age of 25 because service before that date does not lead to benefits (conditional or unconditional). A benefit of CU100 is attributed to each subsequent year.</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>