<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_148" base="F16152810" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">148</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="148" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS19_P0666" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">If an entity participates in a       multi‑employer defined benefit plan, it shall disclose:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS19_L0085" base="F16152812" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IAS19_148_a" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0667" base="F16152813" class="- topic/p ">a description of the funding arrangements, including the method used to determine the entity’s rate of contributions and any minimum funding requirements.</p></li><li id="IAS19_148_b" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0668" base="F16152815" class="- topic/p ">a description of the extent to which the entity can be liable to the plan for other entities’ obligations under the terms and conditions of the multi‑employer plan.</p></li><li id="IAS19_148_c" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0669" base="F16152817" class="- topic/p ">a description of any agreed allocation of a deficit or surplus on:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IAS19_L0086" base="F16152819" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IAS19_148_c_i" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0670" base="F16152823" class="- topic/p ">wind‑up of the plan; or</p></li><li id="IAS19_148_c_ii" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0671" base="F16152825" class="- topic/p ">the entity’s withdrawal from the plan.</p></li></ol></li><li id="IAS19_148_d" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0672" base="F16152827" class="- topic/p ">if the entity accounts for that plan as if it were a defined contribution plan in accordance with <xref href="IAS19_34.dita#IAS19_34" id="IAS19_X0473" base="F16227920" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 34</xref>, it shall disclose the following, in addition to the information required by (a)–(c) and instead of the information required by <xref href="IAS19_139.dita#IAS19_139" id="IAS19_X0474" base="F16227921" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 139–147</xref>:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IAS19_L0087" base="F16152829" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IAS19_148_d_i" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0673" base="F16152830" class="- topic/p ">the fact that the plan is a defined benefit plan.</p></li><li id="IAS19_148_d_ii" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0674" base="F16152832" class="- topic/p ">the reason why sufficient information is not available to enable the entity to account for the plan as a defined benefit plan.</p></li><li id="IAS19_148_d_iii" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0675" base="F16152860" class="- topic/p ">the expected contributions to the plan for the next annual reporting period.</p></li><li id="IAS19_148_d_iv" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iv)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0676" base="F16152862" class="- topic/p ">information about any deficit or surplus in the plan that may affect the amount of future contributions, including the basis used to determine that deficit or surplus and the implications, if any, for the entity.</p></li><li id="IAS19_148_d_v" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(v)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P0677" base="F16152864" class="- topic/p ">an indication of the level of participation of the entity in the plan compared with other participating entities. Examples of measures that might provide such an indication include the entity’s proportion of the total contributions to the plan or the entity’s proportion of the total number of active members, retired members, and former members entitled to benefits, if that information is available.</p></li></ol></li></ol></body></paragraph>