<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS23_BC3" base="F3101481" principles="no"><paranum>BC3</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 23"/><data name="paranum" value="BC3"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS23_P0189">The Board considered whether to seek convergence on the detailed requirements for the capitalisation of borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset. However, the Board noted statements by the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the European Commission that the IASB and FASB should focus their short&#x2011;term convergence effort on eliminating major differences of principle between IFRSs and US GAAP. For their purposes, convergence on the detailed aspects of accounting treatments is not necessary. The Board further noted that both IAS 23 and SFAS 34 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Capitalization of Interest Cost</ph></ph> were developed some years ago. Consequently, neither set of specific provisions may be regarded as being of a clearly higher quality than the other. Therefore, the Board concluded that it should not spend time and resources considering aspects of IAS 23 beyond the choice between capitalisation and immediate recognition as an expense. This Basis for Conclusions does not, therefore, discuss aspects of IAS 23 that the Board did not reconsider. <xref id="IAS23_X0110" base="F4426935" href="IAS23_gBC19-BC26.dita#IAS23_gBC19-BC26/IAS23_gBC19-BC26_TI">Paragraphs BC19&#x2013;BC26</xref> analyse the differences between IAS 23 and SFAS 34.</p></body></paragraph>