<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS16_IE6" base="F45933095"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>IE6</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="IE6"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P1132">The following example illustrates how a lessee accounts for variable lease payments that depend on an index and variable lease payments not included in the measurement of the lease liability.</p><table id="IFRS16_TAB0015" base="SL45933960" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0"><tgroup cols="4"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="15*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="40*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><colspec colnum="3" colname="C3" colwidth="15*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><colspec colnum="4" colname="C4" colwidth="30*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><thead><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4" rowsep="1" align="left"> Example 14—Variable lease payments dependent on an index and variable lease payments linked to sales</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4"> <p id="IFRS16_P1134" base="F45933866"><i>Example 14A—Lessee enters into a 10-year lease of property with annual lease payments of CU50,000, payable at the beginning of each year. The contract specifies that lease payments will increase every two years on the basis of the increase in the Consumer Price Index for the preceding 24 months. The Consumer Price Index at the commencement date is 125. This example ignores any initial direct costs. The rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. Lessee's incremental borrowing rate is 5 per cent per annum, which reflects the fixed rate at which Lessee could borrow an amount similar to the value of the right-of-use asset, in the same currency, for a 10-year term, and with similar collateral.</i></p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4"> <p id="IFRS16_P1135" base="F45933868">At the commencement date, Lessee makes the lease payment for the first year and measures the lease liability at the present value of the remaining nine payments of CU50,000, discounted at the interest rate of 5 per cent per annum,  which is CU355,391.</p></entry></row><row keep_together="3"><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4"> <p id="IFRS16_P1136" base="F45933869">Lessee initially recognises assets and liabilities in relation to the lease as follows.</p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS16_P1137" typeface="sansserif">Right-of-use asset</p></entry><entry namest="C3" nameend="C4" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1138" typeface="sansserif">CU405,391</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS16_P1139" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry namest="C2" nameend="C3" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1140" typeface="sansserif">Lease liability</p></entry><entry colname="C4" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1141" typeface="sansserif">CU355,391</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS16_P1142" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry namest="C2" nameend="C3" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1143" typeface="sansserif">Cash (lease payment for the first year)</p></entry><entry colname="C4" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1144" typeface="sansserif">CU50,000</p></entry></row><row keep_together="5"><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4"> <p id="IFRS16_P1145" base="F45933914"><i>Lessee expects to consume the right-of-use asset’s future economic benefits evenly over the lease term and, thus, depreciates the right-of-use asset on a straight-line basis.</i></p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4"> <p id="IFRS16_P1146" base="F45933916">During the first two years of the lease, Lessee recognises in aggregate the following related to the lease.</p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1147" typeface="sansserif">Interest expense</p></entry><entry namest="C3" nameend="C4" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1148" typeface="sansserif">CU33,928</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS16_P1149" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry namest="C2" nameend="C3" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1150" typeface="sansserif">Lease liability</p></entry><entry colname="C4" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1151" typeface="sansserif">CU33,928</p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS16_P1152" typeface="sansserif">Depreciation charge</p></entry><entry namest="C3" nameend="C4" valign="top"> <p id="IFRS16_P1153" typeface="sansserif">CU81,078 (CU405,391 ÷ 10 × 2 years)</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS16_P1154" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry namest="C2" nameend="C3" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1155" typeface="sansserif">Right-of-use asset</p></entry><entry colname="C4" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1156" typeface="sansserif">CU81,078</p></entry></row><row keep_together="3"><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4"> <p id="IFRS16_P1157" base="F45933924">At the beginning of the second year, Lessee makes the lease payment for the second year and recognises the following.</p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1158" typeface="sansserif">Lease liability</p></entry><entry namest="C3" nameend="C4" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1159" typeface="sansserif">CU50,000</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS16_P1160" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry namest="C2" nameend="C3" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1161" typeface="sansserif">Cash</p></entry><entry colname="C4" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1162" typeface="sansserif">CU50,000</p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4"> <p id="IFRS16_P1163" base="F45933925">At the beginning of the third year, before accounting for the change in future lease payments resulting from a change in the Consumer Price Index and making the lease payment for the third year, the lease liability is CU339,319 (the present value of eight payments of CU50,000 discounted at the interest rate of 5 per cent per annum = CU355,391 + CU33,928 – CU50,000).</p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4"> <p id="IFRS16_P1164" base="F45933930"><i>At the beginning of the third year of the lease the Consumer Price Index is 135.</i></p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4"> <p id="IFRS16_P1165" base="F45933932">The payment for the third year, adjusted for the Consumer Price Index, is CU54,000 (CU50,000 × 135 ÷ 125). Because there is a change in the future lease payments resulting from a change in the Consumer Price Index used to determine those payments, Lessee remeasures the lease liability to reflect those revised lease payments, ie the lease liability now reflects eight annual lease payments of CU54,000. </p></entry></row><row keep_together="5"><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4"> <p id="IFRS16_P1166" base="F45933933">At the beginning of the third year, Lessee remeasures the lease liability at the present value of eight payments of CU54,000 discounted at an unchanged discount rate of 5 per cent per annum,  which is CU366,464. Lessee increases the lease liability by CU27,145, which represents the difference between the remeasured liability of CU366,464 and its previous carrying amount of CU339,319. The corresponding adjustment is made to the right-of-use asset,  recognised as follows.</p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1167" typeface="sansserif">Right-of-use asset</p></entry><entry namest="C3" nameend="C4" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1168" typeface="sansserif">CU27,145</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS16_P1169" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry namest="C2" nameend="C3" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1170" typeface="sansserif">Lease liability</p></entry><entry colname="C4" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1171" typeface="sansserif">CU27,145</p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4"> <p id="IFRS16_P1172" base="F45933937">At the beginning of the third year, Lessee makes the lease payment for the third year and recognises the following.</p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1173" typeface="sansserif">Lease liability</p></entry><entry namest="C3" nameend="C4" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1174" typeface="sansserif">CU54,000</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS16_P1175" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry namest="C2" nameend="C3" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1176" typeface="sansserif">Cash</p></entry><entry colname="C4" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1177" typeface="sansserif">CU54,000</p></entry></row><row keep_together="4"><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4"> <p id="IFRS16_P1178" base="F45933940"><i>Example 14B—Assume the same facts as Example 14A except that Lessee is also required to make variable lease payments for each year of the lease, which are determined as 1 per cent of Lessee’s sales generated from the leased property.</i></p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4"> <p id="IFRS16_P1179" base="F45933945">At the commencement date, Lessee measures the right-of-use asset and the lease liability recognised at the same amounts as in Example 14A. This is because the additional variable lease payments are linked to future sales and, thus, do not meet the definition of lease payments. Consequently, those payments are not included in the measurement of the asset and liability.</p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1180" typeface="sansserif">Right-of-use asset</p></entry><entry namest="C3" nameend="C4" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1181" typeface="sansserif">CU405,391</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS16_P1182" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry namest="C2" nameend="C3" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1183" typeface="sansserif">Lease liability</p></entry><entry colname="C4" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1184" typeface="sansserif">CU355,391</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IFRS16_P1185" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry namest="C2" nameend="C3" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1186" typeface="sansserif">Cash (lease payment for the first year)</p></entry><entry colname="C4" valign="bottom"> <p id="IFRS16_P1187" typeface="sansserif">CU50,000</p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4"> <p id="IFRS16_P1188" base="F45933949"><i>Lessee prepares financial statements on an annual basis. During the first year of the lease, Lessee generates sales of CU800,000 from the leased property.</i></p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C4"> <p id="IFRS16_P1189" base="F45933951">Lessee incurs an additional expense related to the lease of CU8,000 (CU800,000 × 1 per cent), which Lessee recognises in profit or loss in the first year of the lease. </p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>