<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="F45934120" id="IFRS16_IE8"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>IE8</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="IE8"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P1412">Examples 20–21 illustrate the application of the requirements in <xref base="F47963980" href="IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" id="IFRS16_X0666">IFRS 16</xref> for an intermediate lessor that enters into a head lease and a sublease of the same underlying asset.</p><table base="SL45934315" frame="all" id="IFRS16_TAB0021" orient="port" pgwide="0"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="0" colwidth="10*" rowsep="0"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1">               Example 20—Sublease classified as a finance lease             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry colname="C1">               <p base="F45934124" id="IFRS16_P1414"><i>Head lease—An intermediate lessor enters into a five-year lease for 5,000 square metres of office space (the head lease) with Entity A (the head lessor).</i></p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p base="F45934126" id="IFRS16_P1415"><i>Sublease—At the beginning of Year 3, the intermediate lessor subleases the 5,000 square metres of office space for the remaining three years of the head lease to a sublessee.</i></p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p base="F45934138" id="IFRS16_P1416">The intermediate lessor classifies the sublease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. The intermediate lessor classifies the sublease as a finance lease, having considered the requirements in <xref base="F47963981" href="IFRS16_g61-66.dita#IFRS16_g61-66/IFRS16_g61-66_TI" id="IFRS16_X0667">paragraphs 61–66 of IFRS 16</xref>.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p base="F45934139" id="IFRS16_P1417">When the intermediate lessor enters into the sublease, the intermediate lessor:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F45934141" id="IFRS16_L0092" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F45934144" id="IFRS16_P1418">derecognises the right-of-use asset relating to the head lease that it transfers to the sublessee and recognises the net investment in the sublease;</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <ol outputclass="static" base="F59960367" id="IFRS16_L0093" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F45934146" id="IFRS16_P1419">recognises any difference between the right-of-use asset and the net investment in the sublease in profit or loss; and</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <ol outputclass="static" base="F59960363" id="IFRS16_L0094" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>                   <p base="F45934148" id="IFRS16_P1420">retains the lease liability relating to the head lease in its statement of financial position, which represents the lease payments owed to the head lessor.</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p base="F45934149" id="IFRS16_P1421">During the term of the sublease, the intermediate lessor recognises both finance income on the sublease and interest expense on the head lease.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table base="SL45934320" frame="all" id="IFRS16_TAB0022" orient="port" pgwide="0"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="0" colwidth="10*" rowsep="0"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1">               Example 21—Sublease classified as an operating lease             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row keep_together="2"><entry colname="C1">               <p base="F45934153" id="IFRS16_P1423"><i>Head lease—An intermediate lessor enters into a five-year lease for 5,000 square metres of office space (the head lease) with Entity A (the head lessor).</i></p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p base="F45934155" id="IFRS16_P1424"><i>Sublease—At commencement of the head lease, the intermediate lessor subleases the 5,000 square metres of office space for two years to a sublessee.</i></p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p base="F45934157" id="IFRS16_P1425">The intermediate lessor classifies the sublease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. The intermediate lessor classifies the sublease as an operating lease, having considered the requirements in <xref base="F47963982" href="IFRS16_g61-66.dita#IFRS16_g61-66/IFRS16_g61-66_TI" id="IFRS16_X0668">paragraphs 61–66 of IFRS 16</xref>.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p base="F45934158" id="IFRS16_P1426">When the intermediate lessor enters into the sublease, the intermediate lessor retains the lease liability and the right-of-use asset relating to the head lease in its statement of financial position.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p base="F45934159" id="IFRS16_P1427">During the term of the sublease, the intermediate lessor:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F45934161" id="IFRS16_L0095" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F45934163" id="IFRS16_P1428">recognises a depreciation charge for the right-of-use asset and interest on the lease liability; and</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F45934165" id="IFRS16_P1429">recognises lease income from the sublease.</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>