<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS16_PRE" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph "/>  <ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph "/></ph></title><body class="- topic/body "><p base="F17966604" id="IAS16_P0001" class="- topic/p ">In April 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board (Board) adopted IAS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph>, which had originally been issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee in December 1993. IAS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph> replaced IAS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting for Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph> (issued in March 1982). IAS 16 that was issued in March 1982 also replaced some parts in IAS 4 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Depreciation Accounting</ph></ph> that was approved in November 1975.</p><p base="F17966609" id="IAS16_P0002" class="- topic/p ">In December 2003 the Board issued a revised IAS 16 as part of its initial agenda of technical projects. The revised Standard also replaced the guidance in three Interpretations (<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑6</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Costs of Modifying Existing Software</ph></ph>, <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑14</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Property, Plant and Equipment—Compensation for the Impairment or Loss of Items</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑23</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Property, Plant and Equipment—Major Inspection or Overhaul Costs</ph></ph>).</p><bodydiv id="IAS16_P0003" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F34261673" id="IAS16_P0003_V1" class="- topic/p ">In May 2014 the Board amended IAS 16 to prohibit the use of a revenue‑based depreciation method.</p>     </bodydiv><bodydiv id="IAS16_P0004" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F34261674" id="IAS16_P0004_V1" class="- topic/p ">In June 2014 the Board amended the scope of IAS 16 to include bearer plants related to agricultural activity.</p>     </bodydiv><bodydiv id="IAS16_P0005" class="- topic/bodydiv ">       <p base="F59119933" id="IAS16_P0005_V1" class="- topic/p ">In May 2017, when IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph> was issued, it amended the subsequent measurement requirements in IAS 16 by permitting entities to elect to measure owner-occupied properties in specific circumstances as if they were investment properties measured at fair value through profit or loss applying IAS 40 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Property</ph></ph>.</p>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="IAS2020-2" class="- topic/bodydiv ">     <p class="- topic/p ">In May 2020, the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use</ph></ph> (Amendments to IAS 16) which prohibit a company from deducting from the cost of property, plant and equipment amounts received from selling items produced while the company is preparing the asset for its intended use. Instead, a company will recognise such sales proceeds and related cost in profit or loss.</p></bodydiv><bodydiv id="IAS16_P0006" class="- topic/bodydiv ">                            <p base="F75097777" id="IAS16_P0006_V4" class="- topic/p ">Other Standards have made minor consequential amendments to IAS 16. They include IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph> (issued May 2011), <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2009–2011 Cycle</ph></ph> (issued May 2012), <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2010–2012 Cycle</ph></ph> (issued December 2013), IFRS 15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph> (issued May 2014), IFRS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Leases</ph></ph> (issued January 2016) and <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</ph></ph> (issued March 2018).</p>     </bodydiv></body></topic>