<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="SL42069" id="IFRIC02_A5"><paranum>A5</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRIC 2"/><data name="paranum" value="A5"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRIC02_P0058">The entity does not have the unconditional right to refuse redemption and the members&#x2019; shares are a financial liability. The restrictions described above are based on the entity&#x2019;s ability to settle its liability. They restrict redemptions only if the liquidity or reserve requirements are not met and then only until such time as they are met. Hence, they do not, under the principles established in <xref base="F77792109" href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001/IAS32_TOC0001_V2" id="IFRIC02_X0077">IAS 32</xref>, result in the classification of the financial instrument as equity. <xref base="SL209852" href="../ias32/IAS32_AG25.dita#IAS32_AG25" id="IFRIC02_X0078">Paragraph AG25 of IAS 32</xref> states:</p><lq> <p base="SL140782" id="IFRIC02_P0059">Preference shares may be issued with various rights. In determining whether a preference share is a financial liability or an equity instrument, an issuer assesses the particular rights attaching to the share to determine whether it exhibits the fundamental characteristic of a financial liability. For example, a preference share that provides for redemption on a specific date or at the option of the holder contains a financial liability because the issuer has an obligation to transfer financial assets to the holder of the share. <i>The potential inability of an issuer to satisfy an obligation to redeem a preference share when contractually required to do so, whether because of a lack of funds, a statutory restriction or insufficient profits or reserves, does not negate the obligation.</i> [Emphasis added]</p></lq></body></paragraph>