<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS15_IE287" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">IE287</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IE287" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant id="IFRS15_IE287_V2" base="F49541541" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant "> <p id="IFRS15_P1954" class="- topic/p ">The entity assesses, in accordance with <xref href="IFRS15_B58.dita#IFRS15_B58" id="IFRS15_X1499" base="F49541542" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B58 of IFRS 15</xref>, the nature of the entity’s promise to grant the licence. The drug is a mature product (ie it has been approved, is currently being manufactured and has been sold commercially for the last several years). For these types of mature products, the entity’s customary business practices are not to undertake any activities to support the drug. The drug compound has significant stand‑alone functionality (ie its ability to produce a drug that treats a disease or condition). Consequently, the customer obtains a substantial portion of the benefits of the drug compound from that functionality, rather than from the entity’s ongoing activities. The entity concludes that the criteria in paragraph B58 of IFRS 15 are not met because the contract does not require, and the customer does not reasonably expect, the entity to undertake activities that significantly affect the intellectual property to which the customer has rights. In its assessment of the criteria in paragraph B58 of IFRS 15, the entity does not take into consideration the separate performance obligation of promising to provide a manufacturing service. Consequently, the nature of the entity’s promise in transferring the licence is to provide a right to use the entity’s intellectual property in the form and the functionality with which it exists at the point in time that it is granted to the customer. Consequently, the entity accounts for the licence as a performance obligation satisfied at a point in time.</p></variant></body></paragraph>