<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS39_BC187" base="SL33090"><paranum>BC187</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 39"/><data name="paranum" value="BC187"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS39_P5546" outputclass="keep_with_next">The Board also noted that: </p><ol id="IAS39_L0178" base="SL135697" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p id="IAS39_P5547" base="SL135699">although entities, when managing risk, may schedule demandable liabilities based on the expected repayment date of the total balance of a portfolio of accounts, the deposit liabilities included in that balance are unlikely to be outstanding for an extended period (eg several years). Rather, these deposits are usually expected to be withdrawn within a short time (eg a few months or less), although they may be replaced by new deposits. Put another way, the balance of the portfolio is relatively stable only because withdrawals on some accounts (which usually occur relatively quickly) are offset by new deposits into others. Thus, the liability being hedged is actually the forecast replacement of existing deposits by the receipt of new deposits. IAS 39 does not permit a hedge of such a forecast transaction to qualify for fair value hedge accounting. Rather, fair value hedge accounting can be applied only to the liability (or asset) or firm commitment that exists today.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p id="IAS39_P5548" base="SL135701">a portfolio of demandable liabilities is similar to a portfolio of trade payables. Both comprise individual balances that usually are expected to be paid within a short time (eg a few months or less) and replaced by new balances. Also, for both, there is an amount&#x2014;the base level&#x2014;that is expected to be stable and present indefinitely. Hence, if the Board were to permit demandable liabilities to be included in a fair value hedge on the basis of a stable base level created by expected replacements, it should similarly allow a hedge of a portfolio of trade payables to qualify for fair value hedge accounting on this basis.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p id="IAS39_P5549" base="SL135703">a portfolio of similar core deposits is not different from an individual deposit, other than that, in the light of the &#x2018;law of large numbers&#x2019;, the behaviour of the portfolio is more predictable. There are no diversification effects from aggregating many similar items.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p id="IAS39_P5550" base="SL135705">it would be inconsistent with the requirement in IAS 39 that the fair value of a liability with a demand feature is not less than the amount payable on demand, discounted from the first date that the amount could be required to be paid, to schedule such liabilities for hedging purposes using a different date. For example, consider a deposit of CU100 that can be withdrawn on demand without penalty. IAS 39 states that the fair value of such a deposit is CU100. That fair value is unaffected by interest rates and does not change when interest rates move. Accordingly, the demand deposit cannot be included in a fair value hedge of interest rate risk&#x2014;there is no fair value exposure to hedge.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>