<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS39_BC185"><paranum>BC185</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 39"/><data name="paranum" value="BC185"/></prolog><body><variant id="IAS39_BC185_V2" base="SL19809513"> <p id="IAS39_P5537">The Board noted that under the first approach in <xref id="IAS39_X1849" base="F19809514" href="IAS39_BC182.dita#IAS39_BC182">paragraph BC182</xref> (designating an overall net position), an issue arises if the entity has liabilities that are repayable on demand or after a notice period (referred to below as &#x2018;demandable liabilities&#x2019;). This includes items such as demand deposits and some types of time deposits. The Board was informed that, when managing interest rate risk, many entities that have demandable liabilities include them in a portfolio hedge by scheduling them to the date when they <i>expect</i> the total amount of demandable liabilities in the portfolio to be due because of net withdrawals from the accounts in the portfolio. This expected repayment date is typically a period covering several years into the future (eg 0&#x2013;10 years hence). The Board was also informed that some entities wish to apply fair value hedge accounting based on this scheduling, ie they wish to include demandable liabilities in a fair value portfolio hedge by scheduling them on the basis of their expected repayment dates. The arguments for this view are: </p> <ol id="IAS39_L0177" base="SL19809516" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS39_P5538" base="SL19809518">it is consistent with how demandable liabilities are scheduled for risk management purposes. Interest rate risk management involves hedging the interest rate margin resulting from assets and liabilities and not the fair value of all or part of the assets and liabilities included in the hedged portfolio. The interest rate margin of a specific period is subject to variability as soon as the amount of fixed rate assets in that period differs from the amount of fixed rate liabilities in that period.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS39_P5539" base="SL19809520">it is consistent with the treatment of prepayable assets to include demandable liabilities in a portfolio hedge based on expected repayment dates.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS39_P5540" base="SL19809522">as with prepayable assets, expected maturities for demandable liabilities are based on the historical behaviour of customers.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS39_P5541" base="SL19809524">applying the fair value hedge accounting framework to a portfolio that includes demandable liabilities would not entail an immediate gain on origination of such liabilities because all assets and liabilities enter the hedged portfolio at their carrying amounts. Furthermore, IAS 39 requires the carrying amount of a financial liability on its initial recognition to be its fair value, which normally equates to the transaction price (ie the amount deposited).<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS39_FN0124" type="fn"/></p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS39_P5542" base="SL19809526">historical analysis shows that a base level of a portfolio of demandable liabilities, such as chequing accounts, is very stable. Whilst a portion of the demandable liabilities varies with interest rates, the remaining portion&#x2014;the base level&#x2014;does not. Hence, entities regard this base level as a long&#x2011;term fixed rate item and include it as such in the scheduling that is used for risk management purposes.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p id="IAS39_P5543" base="SL19809528">the distinction between &#x2018;old&#x2019; and &#x2018;new&#x2019; money makes little sense at a portfolio level. The portfolio behaves like a long&#x2011;term item even if individual liabilities do not.</p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>