<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS39_BC200"><paranum>BC200</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 39"/><data name="paranum" value="BC200"/></prolog><body><variant base="SL77660867" id="IAS39_BC200_V2">       <p id="IAS39_P5583">The arguments for the layer approach are as follows: </p>       <ol base="SL77660868" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS39_L0183"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL77660870" id="IAS39_P5584">Designating a bottom layer would be consistent with the answers to Questions F.6.1 and F.6.2 of the Guidance on Implementing IAS 39, which allow, for a cash flow hedge, the &#x2018;bottom&#x2019; portion of reinvestments of collections from assets to be designated as the hedged item.<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS39_FN0132" type="fn"/></p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL77660874" id="IAS39_P5585">The entity is hedging interest rate risk rather than prepayment risk. Any changes to the portfolio because of changes in prepayments do not affect how effective the hedge was in mitigating interest rate risk.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p base="SL77660876" id="IAS39_P5586">The approach captures all ineffectiveness on the hedged portion. It merely allows the hedged portion to be defined in such a way that, at least in a bottom layer approach, the first of any potential ineffectiveness relates to the unhedged portion.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p base="SL77660878" id="IAS39_P5587">It is correct that no ineffectiveness arises if changes in prepayment estimates cause more assets to be scheduled into that repricing time period. So long as assets equal to the hedged layer remain, there is no ineffectiveness and upward revisions of the amount in a repricing time period do not affect the hedged layer.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>           <p base="SL77660880" id="IAS39_P5588">A prepayable item can be viewed as a combination of a non&#x2011;prepayable item and a prepayment option. The designation of a bottom layer can be viewed as hedging a part of the life of the non&#x2011;prepayable item, but none of the prepayment option. For example, a 25&#x2011;year prepayable mortgage can be viewed as a combination of (i) a non&#x2011;prepayable, fixed term, 25&#x2011;year mortgage and (ii) a written prepayment option that allows the borrower to repay the mortgage early. If the entity hedges this asset with a 5&#x2011;year derivative, this is equivalent to hedging the first five years of component (i). If the position is viewed in this way, no ineffectiveness arises when interest rate changes cause the value of the prepayment option to change (unless the option is exercised and the asset prepaid) because the prepayment option was not hedged.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>