<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS41_B82" base="SL33584" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B82</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 41" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B82" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS41_P0887" class="- topic/p ">The Standard made the following principal changes to the proposals in E65:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL155421" id="IAS41_L0038" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL155423" id="IAS41_P0888" class="- topic/p ">The Standard includes a reliability exception for biological assets on initial recognition. If the exception is applied, the biological asset should be measured at its cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses (<xref href="IAS41_g30-33.dita#IAS41_g30_33/IAS41_g30_33_TI" base="F15828951" id="IAS41_X0346" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 30</xref> of the Standard). As a consequence, the Standard includes disclosure requirements consistent with paragraph 170(b) of IAS 39 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph><xref keyref="footnotes/IAS41_FN0025" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> and <xref href="../ias40/IAS40_68.dita#IAS40_68" base="F15828952" id="IAS41_X0347" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 68 of IAS 40 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Property</ph></ph></xref><xref keyref="footnotes/IAS41_FN0026" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> (<xref href="IAS41_g54-56.dita#IAS41_g54_56/IAS41_g54_56_TI" base="F15828953" id="IAS41_X0348" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 54(a)–(c)</xref> and <xref href="IAS41_55.dita#IAS41_55" base="F15828954" id="IAS41_X0349" class="- topic/xref ">55</xref> of the Standard), and consistent with paragraphs 60(b)–(d) and 60(e)(v)–(vii) of IAS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph><xref keyref="footnotes/IAS41_FN0027" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> (paragraphs 54(d)–(f) and 55).</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL155425" id="IAS41_P0889" class="- topic/p ">If the reliability exception is applied but fair value subsequently becomes reliably measurable and, therefore, an entity has started measuring the biological assets at their fair value less estimated point‑of‑sale costs, the Standard requires the entity to disclose a description of the biological assets, an explanation of why fair value has become reliably measurable, and the effect of the change (paragraph 56).</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p base="SL155427" id="IAS41_P0890" class="- topic/p ">E65 did not specify how to account for point‑of‑sale costs (such as commissions to brokers). The Standard requires that biological assets and agricultural produce should be measured at their fair value less estimated point‑of‑sale costs (<xref href="IAS41_12.dita#IAS41_12" base="F15828956" id="IAS41_X0350" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 12–13</xref>).</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>         <p base="SL155429" id="IAS41_P0891" class="- topic/p ">E65 included net realisable value as one of the measurement bases in cases where no active market exists. Net realisable value was deleted from the bases since it is not a market‑determined value.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>         <p base="SL155431" id="IAS41_P0892" class="- topic/p ">The Standard indicates that market‑determined prices or values are used when available. The Standard also indicates that, in some circumstances, market‑determined prices or values may not be available for an asset in its present condition. In these circumstances, an entity uses the present value of expected net cash flows (<xref href="IAS41_17-21_DELETED.dita" id="IAS41_X0351" scope="local" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 18–20</xref>).</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value>         <p base="SL155433" id="IAS41_P0893" class="- topic/p ">Guidance on the performance of present value calculations was added (<xref href="IAS41_17-21_DELETED.dita" id="IAS41_X0352" scope="local" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 21–23</xref>).</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value>         <p base="SL155435" id="IAS41_P0894" class="- topic/p ">E65 did not specify how to account for contracts for the sale of a biological asset or agricultural produce. The Standard indicates that the fair value of a biological asset or agricultural produce is not adjusted because of the existence of a sales contract (<xref href="IAS41_16.dita#IAS41_16" base="F15829082" id="IAS41_X0353" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 16</xref>).</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(h)</li_value>         <p base="SL155437" id="IAS41_P0895" class="- topic/p ">E65 did not explicitly indicate that a gain or loss may arise on initial recognition of agricultural produce. The Standard clarifies that a gain or loss may arise on initial recognition of agricultural produce; for example, as a result of harvesting and that such a gain or loss should be included in net profit or loss<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS41_FN0028" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> for the period in which it arises (<xref href="IAS41_28.dita#IAS41_28" base="F15829084" id="IAS41_X0354" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 28–29</xref>).</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>         <p base="SL155439" id="IAS41_P0896" class="- topic/p ">E65 proposed that costs of producing and harvesting biological assets should be charged to expense when incurred, and that costs that increase the number of units of biological assets owned or controlled by the entity should be added to the carrying amount of the asset. The Standard does not explicitly prescribe how to account for subsequent expenditure related to biological assets.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(j)</li_value>         <p base="SL155441" id="IAS41_P0897" class="- topic/p ">E65 proposed that an entity should recognise a conditional government grant as income when there is reasonable assurance that the conditions are met. The Standard requires that a conditional government grant related to a biological asset measured at its fair value less estimated point‑of‑sale costs, including where a government grant requires an entity not to engage in specified agricultural activity, should be recognised as income when, and only when, the conditions attaching to the government grant are met. The Standard also indicates that IAS 20 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance</ph></ph> is applied to a government grant related to a biological asset measured at its cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses (<xref href="IAS41_g34-38.dita#IAS41_g34_38/IAS41_g34_38_TI" base="F15829085" id="IAS41_X0355" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 34–35</xref> and 37).</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(k)</li_value>         <p base="SL155443" id="IAS41_P0898" class="- topic/p ">E65 provided the following encouragements specific to agricultural activity with regard to alternative treatments allowed in other International Accounting Standards, to achieve consistency with the accounting treatment of activities covered by E65:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="SL155444" id="IAS41_L0039" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>             <p base="SL155446" id="IAS41_P0899" class="- topic/p ">analysing expenses by nature, as set out in <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F15829086" id="IAS41_X0356" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref>; and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>             <p base="SL155448" id="IAS41_P0900" class="- topic/p ">revaluing certain intangible assets used in agricultural activity if an active market exists, as set out in <xref href="../ias38/IAS38_TOC0001.dita#IAS38_TOC0001" base="F15829088" id="IAS41_X0357" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Intangible Assets</ph></ph></xref>.</p>           </li></ol>         <p base="SL155449" id="IAS41_P0901" class="- topic/p ">The Board did not include these encouragements in the Standard. The Board noted that <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F15829087" id="IAS41_X0358" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1</xref> and <xref href="../ias38/IAS38_TOC0001.dita#IAS38_TOC0001" base="F15829089" id="IAS41_X0359" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38</xref> apply to entities that undertake agricultural activity, as well as to those in other activities.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(l)</li_value>         <p base="SL155451" id="IAS41_P0902" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">New disclosure requirements include disclosing the:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="SL155452" id="IAS41_L0040" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>             <p base="SL155454" id="IAS41_P0903" class="- topic/p ">basis for making distinctions between consumable and bearer biological assets or between mature and immature biological assets, when an entity provides a quantified description of each group of biological assets (<xref href="IAS41_43.dita#IAS41_43" base="F18888885" id="IAS41_X0360" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 43</xref>);</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>             <p base="SL155456" id="IAS41_P0904" class="- topic/p ">methods and significant assumptions applied in determining the fair value of each group of agricultural produce at the point of harvest (<xref href="IAS41_47-48_DELETED.dita#IAS41_47_48" base="F18888886" id="IAS41_X0361" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 47</xref>);</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>             <p base="SL155458" id="IAS41_P0905" class="- topic/p ">fair value less estimated point‑of‑sale costs of agricultural produce harvested during the period, determined at the point of harvest (<xref href="IAS41_47-48_DELETED.dita#IAS41_47_48" base="F18888887" id="IAS41_X0362" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 48</xref>);</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iv)</li_value>             <p base="SL155460" id="IAS41_P0906" class="- topic/p ">increases resulting from business combinations in the reconciliation of the carrying amount of biological assets (<xref href="IAS41_50.dita#IAS41_50" base="F18888888" id="IAS41_X0363" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 50(e)</xref>); and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(v)</li_value>             <p base="SL155462" id="IAS41_P0907" class="- topic/p ">significant decreases expected in the level of government grants related to agricultural activity covered by the Standard (<xref href="IAS41_g57-57.dita#IAS41_g57_57/IAS41_g57_57_TI" base="F18888889" id="IAS41_X0364" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 57(c)</xref>).</p>           </li></ol>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(m)</li_value>         <p base="SL155464" id="IAS41_P0908" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">E65 proposed disclosing the:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="SL155465" id="IAS41_L0041" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>             <p base="SL155467" id="IAS41_P0909" class="- topic/p ">extent to which the carrying amount of biological assets reflects a valuation by an external independent valuer or, if there has been no valuation by an external independent valuer, that fact;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>             <p base="SL155469" id="IAS41_P0910" class="- topic/p ">activities that are unsustainable with an estimated date of cessation of the activities;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>             <p base="SL155471" id="IAS41_P0911" class="- topic/p ">aggregate carrying amount of an entity’s agricultural land and the basis (cost or revalued amount) on which the carrying amount was determined under <xref href="../ias16/IAS16_TOC.dita#IAS16_TOC0001" base="F15829262" id="IAS41_X0365" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 16</xref>; and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iv)</li_value>             <p base="SL155473" id="IAS41_P0912" class="- topic/p ">carrying amount of agricultural produce either on the face of the balance sheet or in the notes.</p>           </li></ol>         <p base="SL155474" id="IAS41_P0913" class="- topic/p ">The Standard does not include the above disclosures.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(n)</li_value>         <p base="SL155476" id="IAS41_P0914" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The amendment to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 17</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Leases</ph></ph> now clarifies that <ph class="- topic/ph ">IAS 17</ph> should not be applied to the measurement by:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="SL155477" id="IAS41_L0042" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>             <p base="SL155479" id="IAS41_P0915" class="- topic/p ">lessees of biological assets held under finance leases;                              and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>             <p base="SL155481" id="IAS41_P0916" class="- topic/p ">lessors of biological assets leased out under operating leases.                            </p>           </li></ol>         <p base="SL155482" id="IAS41_P0917" class="- topic/p ">Biological assets held under finance leases and those leased out under operating leases are measured under the Standard rather than IAS 17. A lease of a biological asset is classified as a finance lease or operating lease under IAS 17.                      If a lease is classified as a finance lease, the lessee recognises the leased biological asset under IAS 17                      and thereafter measures and presents it under the Standard. In that case, the lessee makes disclosures both under the Standard and IAS 17.                      A lessor of a biological asset under an operating lease measures and presents the biological asset under the Standard, and makes disclosures both under the Standard                      and IAS 17.</p>                </li></ol></body></paragraph>