<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph principles="yes" id="IAS39_91"><paranum>91</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 39"/><data name="paranum" value="91"/></prolog><body><variant base="SL24159526" id="IAS39_91_V2">       <p id="IAS39_P0599">An entity shall discontinue prospectively the hedge accounting specified         in <xref base="F24159527" href="IAS39_89.dita#IAS39_89/IAS39_89_V2" id="IAS39_X0544">paragraph 89</xref> if: </p>       <ol base="SL24159528" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS39_L0056"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL24159530" id="IAS39_P0600">the <xref base="SL134657" href="IAS39_9_hedge-accounting.dita#IAS39_9_hedge-accounting/IAS39_P0210" scope="local">hedging instrument<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0167"/></ph></xref> expires or is sold, terminated or             exercised. For this purpose, the replacement or rollover of a hedging instrument into             another hedging instrument is not an expiration or termination if such replacement or             rollover is part of the entity&#x2019;s documented hedging strategy. Additionally, for this             purpose there is not an expiration or termination of the hedging instrument if:            </p>           <ol base="F24159597" type="lower-roman" id="IAS39_L0057"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="F24159598" id="IAS39_P0601">as a consequence of laws or regulations or the                 introduction of laws or regulations , the parties to the hedging instrument agree that                 one or more clearing counterparties replace their original counterparty to become                 the new counterparty to each of the parties. For this purpose, a clearing                 counterparty is a central counterparty (sometimes called a &#x2018;clearing organisation&#x2019;                 or &#x2018;clearing agency&#x2019;) or an entity or entities, for example, a clearing member of a                 clearing organisation or a client of a clearing member of a clearing organisation,                 that are acting as counterparty in order to effect clearing by a central                 counterparty. However, when the parties to the hedging instrument replace their                 original counterparties with different counterparties this paragraph shall apply                 only if each of those parties effects clearing with the same central                 counterparty.</p>                            </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F24159600" id="IAS39_P0603">other changes, if any, to the hedging instrument                 are limited to those that are necessary to effect such a replacement of the                 counterparty. Such changes are limited to those that are consistent with the terms                 that would be expected if the hedging instrument were originally cleared with the                 clearing counterparty. These changes include changes in the collateral requirements,                 rights to offset receivables and payables balances, and charges levied.</p>                            </li></ol>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL24159534" id="IAS39_P0605">the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge             accounting in <xref base="SL24159536" href="IAS39_88.dita#IAS39_88" id="IAS39_X0550">paragraph 88</xref>; or</p>                    </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p base="SL24159540" id="IAS39_P0607">the entity revokes the designation.</p>         </li></ol>            </variant></body></paragraph>