<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F89950" id="IAS39_AG99A"><paranum>AG99A</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 39"/><data name="paranum" value="AG99A"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS39_P1160">Paragraph 80 states that in consolidated financial statements the foreign <xref base="SL144810" href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_APPA.dita#IFRS07_APPA/IFRS07_P0864">currency risk<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0066"/></ph></xref> of a highly probable forecast intragroup transaction may qualify as a <xref base="SL134658" href="IAS39_9_hedge-accounting.dita#IAS39_9_hedge-accounting/IAS39_P0211">hedged item<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0166"/></ph></xref> in a cash flow hedge, provided the transaction is denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity entering into that transaction and the foreign currency risk will affect consolidated profit or loss. For this purpose an entity can be a parent, subsidiary, associate, joint venture or branch. If the foreign currency risk of a forecast intragroup transaction does not affect consolidated profit or loss, the intragroup transaction cannot qualify as a hedged item. This is usually the case for royalty payments, interest payments or management charges between members of the same group unless there is a related external transaction. However, when the foreign currency risk of a forecast intragroup transaction will affect consolidated profit or loss, the intragroup transaction can qualify as a hedged item. An example is forecast sales or purchases of inventories between members of the same group if there is an onward sale of the inventory to a party external to the group. Similarly, a forecast intragroup sale of plant and equipment from the group entity that manufactured it to a group entity that will use the plant and equipment in its operations may affect consolidated profit or loss. This could occur, for example, because the plant and equipment will be depreciated by the purchasing entity and the amount initially recognised for the plant and equipment may change if the forecast intragroup transaction is denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the purchasing entity.</p></body></paragraph>