<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS10_B97" base="F16127644" principles="no"><paranum>B97</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 10"/><data name="paranum" value="B97"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS10_P0644">A <xref base="F16125820" href="IFRS10_APPA.dita#IFRS10_APPA/IFRS10_P0174">parent<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0282"/></ph></xref> might lose <xref base="F16125783" href="IFRS10_APPA.dita#IFRS10_APPA/IFRS10_DI0002">control<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0053"/></ph></xref> of a <xref base="F16125895" href="IFRS10_APPA.dita#IFRS10_APPA/IFRS10_P0188">subsidiary<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0360"/></ph></xref> in two or more arrangements (transactions). However, sometimes circumstances indicate that the multiple arrangements should be accounted for as a single transaction. In determining whether to account for the arrangements as a single transaction, a parent shall consider all the terms and conditions of the arrangements and their economic effects. One or more of the following indicate that the parent should account for the multiple arrangements as a single transaction:</p><ol id="IFRS10_L0056" base="F16127646" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P0645" base="F16127647">They are entered into at the same time or in contemplation of each other.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P0646" base="F16127649">They form a single transaction designed to achieve an overall commercial effect.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P0647" base="F16127651">The occurrence of one arrangement is dependent on the occurrence of at least one other arrangement.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P0648" base="F16127663">One arrangement considered on its own is not economically justified, but it is economically justified when considered together with other arrangements. An example is when a disposal of shares is priced below market and is compensated for by a subsequent disposal priced above market.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>