<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F16127177" principles="no" id="IFRS10_B53"><paranum>B53</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 10"/><data name="paranum" value="B53"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS10_P0384">For some investees, relevant activities occur only when particular circumstances arise or events occur. The investee may be designed              so that the direction of its activities and its returns are predetermined unless and until those particular circumstances arise or events occur. In this case, only the decisions about the investee&#x2019;s activities when those circumstances or events occur can significantly affect its returns and thus be relevant activities. The circumstances or events need not have occurred for an investor with the ability to make those decisions to have <xref base="F16125839" href="IFRS10_APPA.dita#IFRS10_APPA/IFRS10_P0175">power<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0296"/></ph></xref>. The fact that the right to make decisions is contingent on circumstances arising or an event occurring does not, in itself, make those rights protective.</p><table base="F16127178" frame="all" orient="port" id="IFRS10_TAB0007"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS10_P0387">Application examples</p>             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry colname="C1">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921966" id="IFRS10_P0388"><b>Example 11</b></p>                              <p base="F16127216" id="IFRS10_P0390">An investee&#x2019;s only business activity, as specified in its founding documents, is to purchase receivables and service them on a day-to-day basis for its investors. The servicing on a day-to-day basis includes the collection and passing on of principal and interest payments as they fall due. Upon default of a receivable the investee automatically puts the receivable to an investor as agreed separately in a put agreement between the investor and the investee. The only relevant activity is managing the receivables upon default because it is the only activity that can significantly affect the investee&#x2019;s returns. Managing the receivables before default is not a relevant activity because it does not require substantive decisions to be made that could significantly affect the investee&#x2019;s returns&#x2014;the activities before default are predetermined and amount only to collecting cash flows as they fall due and passing them on to investors. Therefore, only the investor&#x2019;s right to manage the assets upon default should be considered when assessing the overall activities of the investee that significantly affect the investee&#x2019;s returns.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p base="F24652438" id="IFRS10_P0391">In this example, the design of the investee ensures that the investor has decision-making authority over the activities that significantly affect the returns at the only time that such decision-making authority is required. The terms of the put agreement are integral to the overall transaction and the establishment of the investee. Therefore, the terms of the put agreement together with the founding documents of the investee lead to the conclusion that the investor has <xref base="F16125837" href="IFRS10_APPA.dita#IFRS10_APPA/IFRS10_DI0008">power<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0296"/></ph></xref> over the investee even though the investor takes ownership of the receivables only upon default and manages the defaulted receivables outside the legal boundaries of the investee.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921968" id="IFRS10_P0392"><b>Example 12</b></p>                              <p base="F16127218" id="IFRS10_P0394">The only assets of an investee are receivables. When the purpose and design of the investee are considered, it is determined that the only relevant activity is managing the receivables upon default. The party that has the ability to manage the defaulting receivables has power over the investee, irrespective of whether any of the borrowers have defaulted.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>