<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F16127002" principles="no" id="IFRS10_B43"><paranum>B43</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 10"/><data name="paranum" value="B43"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS10_P0346">When the direction of <xref base="F16125863" href="IFRS10_APPA.dita#IFRS10_APPA/IFRS10_P0182">relevant activities<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0327"/></ph></xref> is determined by majority vote and an investor holds significantly more voting rights than any other vote holder or organised <xref base="F16125806" href="IFRS10_APPA.dita#IFRS10_APPA/IFRS10_P0166">group<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0157"/></ph></xref> of vote holders, and the other shareholdings are widely dispersed, it may be clear, after considering the factors listed in paragraph B42(a)&#x2013;(c) alone, that the investor has power over the investee.</p><table base="F16127003" frame="all" orient="port" id="IFRS10_TAB0003"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS10_P0347">Application examples</p>             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry colname="C1">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921951" id="IFRS10_P0348"><b>Example 4</b></p>                              <p base="F16127006" id="IFRS10_P0350">An investor acquires 48 per cent of the voting rights of an investee. The remaining voting rights are held by thousands of shareholders, none individually holding more than 1 per cent of the voting rights. None of the shareholders has any arrangements to consult any of the others or make collective decisions. When assessing the proportion of voting rights to acquire, on the basis of the relative size of the other shareholdings, the investor determined that a 48 per cent interest would be sufficient to give it control. In this case, on the basis of the absolute size of its holding and the relative size of the other shareholdings, the investor concludes that it has a sufficiently dominant voting interest to meet the power criterion without the need to consider any other evidence of power.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921953" id="IFRS10_P0351"><b>Example 5</b></p>                              <p base="F16127008" id="IFRS10_P0353">Investor A holds 40 per cent of the voting rights of an investee and twelve other investors each hold 5 per cent of the voting rights of the investee. A shareholder agreement grants investor A the right to appoint, remove and set the remuneration of management responsible for directing the <xref base="F16125863" href="IFRS10_APPA.dita#IFRS10_APPA/IFRS10_P0182">relevant activities<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0327"/></ph></xref>. To change the agreement, a two-thirds majority vote of the shareholders is required. In this case, investor A concludes that the absolute size of the investor&#x2019;s holding and the relative size of the other shareholdings alone are not conclusive in determining whether the investor has rights sufficient to give it <xref base="F16125839" href="IFRS10_APPA.dita#IFRS10_APPA/IFRS10_P0175">power<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0296"/></ph></xref>. However, investor A determines that its contractual right to appoint, remove and set the remuneration of management is sufficient to conclude that it has power over the investee. The fact that investor A might not have exercised this right or the likelihood of investor A exercising its right to select, appoint or remove management shall not be considered when assessing whether investor A has power.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>