<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS40_62"><paranum>62</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 40"/><data name="paranum" value="62"/></prolog><body><variant base="SL46591676" id="IAS40_62_V2" principles="no"> <p id="IAS40_P0232">Up to the date when an owner&#x2011;occupied property becomes an <xref base="SL46590595" href="IAS40_5.dita#IAS40_5/IAS40_P0050">investment property<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0206"/></ph></xref> carried at <xref base="SL46590585" href="IAS40_5.dita#IAS40_5/IAS40_P0046">fair value<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0118"/></ph></xref>, an entity depreciates the property (or the right-of-use asset) and recognises any impairment losses that have occurred. The entity treats any difference at that date between the <xref base="SL46590576" href="IAS40_5.dita#IAS40_5/IAS40_P0044">carrying amount<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0027"/></ph></xref> of the property in accordance with <xref base="F46591680" href="../IAS16.ditamap" id="IAS40_X0305">IAS 16</xref> or <xref base="F46976561" href="../ifrs16/IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" id="IAS40_X0306">IFRS 16</xref> and its fair value in the same way as a revaluation in accordance with <xref base="F46591681" href="../IAS16.ditamap" id="IAS40_X0307">IAS 16</xref>. In other words: </p> <ol base="SL46591682" id="IAS40_L0024" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="SL46591684" id="IAS40_P0233">any resulting decrease in the carrying amount of the property is recognised in profit or loss. However, to the extent that an amount is included in revaluation surplus for that property, the decrease is recognised in other comprehensive income and reduces the revaluation surplus within equity.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="SL46591686" id="IAS40_P0234">any resulting increase in the carrying amount is treated as follows:</p> <ol base="SL46591687" id="IAS40_L0025" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p base="SL46591689" id="IAS40_P0235">to the extent that the increase reverses a previous impairment loss for that property, the increase is recognised in profit or loss. The amount recognised in profit or loss does not exceed the amount needed to restore the carrying amount to the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognised.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p base="SL46591691" id="IAS40_P0236">any remaining part of the increase is recognised in other comprehensive income and increases the revaluation surplus within equity. On subsequent disposal of the investment property, the revaluation surplus included in equity may be transferred to retained earnings. The transfer from revaluation surplus to retained earnings is not made through profit or loss.</p></li></ol></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>