<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS15_PRE" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph "/>  <ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph "/></ph></title><body class="- topic/body "><p base="F32514938" id="IFRS15_P0001" class="- topic/p ">In April 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board (Board) adopted IAS 11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Construction Contracts</ph></ph> and IAS 18 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue</ph></ph>, both of which had originally been issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee (IASC) in December 1993. IAS 18 replaced a previous version: <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue Recognition</ph></ph> (issued in December 1982). IAS 11 replaced parts of IAS 11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting for Construction Contracts</ph></ph> (issued in March 1979).</p><p base="F32570822" id="IFRS15_P0002" class="- topic/p ">In December 2001 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑31</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue—Barter Transactions Involving Advertising Services</ph></ph>. The Interpretation was originally developed by the Standards Interpretations Committee of the IASC to determine the circumstances in which a seller of advertising services can reliably measure revenue at the fair value of advertising services provided in a barter transaction.</p><p base="F32570824" id="IFRS15_P0003" class="- topic/p ">In June 2007 the Board issued IFRIC 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Customer Loyalty Programmes</ph></ph>. The Interpretation was developed by the IFRS Interpretations Committee (the ‘Interpretations Committee’) to address the accounting by the entity that grants award credits to its customers.</p><p base="F32570826" id="IFRS15_P0004" class="- topic/p ">In July 2008 the Board issued IFRIC 15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Agreements for the Construction of Real Estate</ph></ph>. The Interpretation was developed by the Interpretations Committee to apply to the accounting for revenue and associated expenses by entities that undertake the construction of real estate directly or through subcontractors.</p><p base="F32570838" id="IFRS15_P0005" class="- topic/p ">In January 2009 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRIC 18</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Transfers of Assets from Customers</ph></ph>. The Interpretation was developed by the Interpretations Committee to apply to the accounting for transfers of items of property, plant and equipment by entities that receive such transfers from their customers.</p><p base="F32570840" id="IFRS15_P0006" class="- topic/p ">In May 2014 the Board issued IFRS 15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph>, together with the introduction of Topic 606 into the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting Standards Codification</ph></ph>®. IFRS 15 replaces IAS 11, IAS 18, IFRIC 13, IFRIC 15, IFRIC 18 and SIC‑31. IFRS 15 provides a comprehensive framework for recognising revenue from contracts with customers.</p><variants id="IFRS15_P0007" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">       <p base="F47133744" id="IFRS15_P0007_V1" class="- topic/p ">In September 2015 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Effective Date of IFRS 15</ph></ph> which deferred the mandatory effective date of IFRS 15 to 1 January 2018.</p>     </variants><variants id="IFRS15_P0008" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">       <p base="F50440407" id="IFRS15_P0008_V1" class="- topic/p ">In April 2016 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Clarifications to IFRS 15</ph></ph> Revenue from Contracts with Customers clarifying the Board’s intentions when developing some of the requirements in IFRS 15. These amendments do not change the underlying principles of IFRS 15 but clarify how those principles should be applied and provide additional transitional relief.</p>     </variants><variants id="IFRS15_P0009" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">       <p base="F59119931" id="IFRS15_P0009_V1" class="- topic/p ">In May 2017, the Board issued IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph> which permits an entity to choose whether to apply IFRS 17 or IFRS 15 to specified fixed-fee service contracts that meet the definition of an insurance contract.</p>     </variants><variants id="IFRS15_P0010" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">              <p base="F75020245" id="IFRS15_P0010_V2" class="- topic/p ">Other Standards have made minor consequential amendments to IFRS 15, including IFRS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Leases</ph></ph> (issued January 2016) and <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</ph></ph> (issued March 2018).</p>     </variants></body></topic>