<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS15_APPA" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title id="IFRS15_APPA_TI" base="F77794051" class="- topic/title ">Appendix A Defined terms</title><body class="- topic/body "><note type="note" class="- topic/note "> <p id="IFRS15_P0497" base="F31716723" class="- topic/p ">This appendix is an integral part of the Standard.</p></note><dl id="IFRS15_D0001" base="F31716724" class="- topic/dl "><dlentry id="IFRS15_DI0001" base="F31716727" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS15_TE0001" base="F31716725" class="- topic/dt ">contract</dt><dd class="- topic/dd "> <p id="IFRS15_P0498" base="SL31717224" class="- topic/p ">An agreement between two or more parties that creates enforceable rights and obligations. </p></dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS15_DI0002" base="F31716728" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS15_TE0002" base="F31716729" class="- topic/dt ">contract asset</dt><dd class="- topic/dd "> <p id="IFRS15_P0499" base="F31716731" class="- topic/p ">An entity’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the entity has transferred to a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">customer</b> when that right is conditioned on something other than the passage of time (for example, the entity’s future performance).</p> </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS15_DI0003" base="F31716735" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS15_TE0003" base="F31716733" class="- topic/dt ">contract liability</dt><dd class="- topic/dd "> <p id="IFRS15_P0501" base="SL31717225" class="- topic/p ">An entity’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">customer</b> for which the entity has received consideration (or the amount is due) from the customer. </p></dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS15_DI0004" base="F31716739" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS15_TE0004" base="F31716737" class="- topic/dt ">customer</dt><dd class="- topic/dd "> <p id="IFRS15_P0502" base="F31716740" class="- topic/p ">A party that has contracted with an entity to obtain goods or services that are an output of the entity’s ordinary activities in exchange for consideration. </p></dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS15_DI0005" base="F31716743" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS15_TE0005" base="F31716741" class="- topic/dt ">income</dt><dd class="- topic/dd "> <p id="IFRS15_P0503" base="F31716744" class="- topic/p ">Increases in economic benefits during the accounting period in the form of inflows or enhancements of assets or decreases of liabilities that result in an increase in equity, other than those relating to contributions from equity participants.</p></dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS15_DI0006" base="F31716747" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS15_TE0006" base="F31716745" class="- topic/dt ">performance obligation</dt><dd class="- topic/dd "> <p id="IFRS15_P0504" base="F31716748" class="- topic/p ">A promise in a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">contract</b> with a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">customer</b> to transfer to the customer either:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS15_L0056" base="F31716750" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P0505" base="F31716751" class="- topic/p ">a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct; or</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P0506" base="F31716753" class="- topic/p ">a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer.</p></li></ol> </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS15_DI0007" base="F31716758" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS15_TE0007" base="F31716756" class="- topic/dt ">revenue</dt><dd class="- topic/dd "> <p id="IFRS15_P0508" base="F31716759" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Income</b> arising in the course of an entity’s ordinary activities.</p></dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS15_DI0008" base="F31716763" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS15_TE0008" base="F31716761" class="- topic/dt ">stand-alone selling price  <sansserif class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/sansserif "><none class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/none ">(of a good or service)</none></sansserif></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "> <p id="IFRS15_P0509" base="F31716765" class="- topic/p ">The price at which an entity would sell a promised good or service separately to a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">customer</b>.</p></dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS15_DI0009" base="F31716777" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS15_TE0009" base="F31716775" class="- topic/dt ">transaction price  <sansserif class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/sansserif "><none class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/none ">(for a contract with a customer)</none></sansserif></dt><dd class="- topic/dd "> <p id="IFRS15_P0510" base="F31716779" class="- topic/p ">The amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">customer</b>, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties.</p></dd></dlentry></dl></body></topic>