<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS15_38" base="F31712631" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">38</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="38" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS15_P0190" class="- topic/p ">If a performance obligation is not satisfied over time in accordance with <xref href="IFRS15_35.dita#IFRS15_35" base="F33209057" id="IFRS15_X0301" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 35–37</xref>, an entity satisfies the performance obligation at a point in time.              To determine the point in time at which a <xref href="IFRS15_APPA.dita#IFRS15_APPA/IFRS15_P0502" base="F31716740" class="- topic/xref ">customer<ph outputclass="def_xref" class="- topic/ph "><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_customer" class="- topic/xref "/></ph></xref> obtains control of a promised asset and the entity satisfies a performance obligation, the entity shall consider the requirements for control in <xref href="IFRS15_31.dita#IFRS15_31" base="F33209232" id="IFRS15_X0305" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 31–34</xref>. In addition, an entity shall consider indicators of the transfer of control,              which include, but are not limited to, the following:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F31712653" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS15_L0023" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="F31712654" id="IFRS15_P0191" class="- topic/p ">The entity has a present right to payment for the asset—if a customer is presently obliged to pay for an asset, then that may indicate that the customer has obtained the ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the asset in exchange.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="F31712656" id="IFRS15_P0192" class="- topic/p ">The customer has legal title to the asset—legal title may indicate which party to a contract has the ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, an asset or to restrict the access of other entities to those benefits. Therefore, the transfer of legal title of an asset may indicate that the customer has obtained control of the asset. If an entity retains legal title solely as protection against the customer’s failure to pay, those rights of the entity would not preclude the customer from obtaining control of an asset.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p base="F31712658" id="IFRS15_P0193" class="- topic/p ">The entity has transferred physical possession of the asset—the customer’s physical possession of an asset may indicate that the customer has the ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the asset or to restrict the access of other entities to those benefits. However, physical possession may not coincide with control of an asset. For example, in some repurchase agreements and in some consignment arrangements, a customer or consignee may have physical possession of an asset that the entity controls. Conversely, in some bill-and-hold arrangements, the entity may have physical possession of an asset that the customer controls.                      <xref href="IFRS15_B64.dita#IFRS15_B64" base="F33209237" id="IFRS15_X0308" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraphs B64–B76</xref>, <xref href="IFRS15_B77.dita#IFRS15_B77" base="F33209269" id="IFRS15_X0309" class="- topic/xref ">B77–B78</xref> and <xref href="IFRS15_B79.dita#IFRS15_B79" base="F33209270" id="IFRS15_X0310" class="- topic/xref ">B79–B82</xref> provide guidance on accounting for repurchase agreements, consignment arrangements and bill-and-hold arrangements, respectively.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>         <p base="F31712660" id="IFRS15_P0194" class="- topic/p ">The customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the asset—the transfer of the significant risks and rewards of ownership of an asset to the customer may indicate that the customer has obtained the ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the asset. However, when evaluating the risks and rewards of ownership of a promised asset, an entity shall exclude any risks that give rise to a separate performance obligation in addition to the performance obligation to transfer the asset. For example, an entity may have transferred control of an asset to a customer but not yet satisfied an additional performance obligation to provide maintenance services related to the transferred asset.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>         <p base="F31712663" id="IFRS15_P0195" class="- topic/p ">The customer has accepted the asset—the customer’s acceptance of an asset may indicate that it has obtained the ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the asset. To evaluate the effect of a contractual customer acceptance clause on when control of an asset is transferred, an entity shall consider the guidance in <xref href="IFRS15_gB83-B86.dita#IFRS15_gB83_B86" base="F35270621" id="IFRS15_X0311" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs B83–B86</xref>.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>