<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F45932590" id="IFRS16_IE4"><paranum>IE4</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="IE4"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P0840" outputclass="keep_with_next">The following example illustrates the allocation of consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease components by a lessee.</p><table base="SL45933698" frame="all" id="IFRS16_TAB0013" orient="port" pgwide="0"><tgroup cols="7"><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="0" colwidth="2*" rowsep="0"/><colspec align="left" colname="C2" colnum="2" colsep="0" colwidth="19*" rowsep="0"/><colspec align="left" colname="C3" colnum="3" colsep="0" colwidth="19*" rowsep="0"/><colspec align="left" colname="C4" colnum="4" colsep="0" colwidth="19*" rowsep="0"/><colspec align="left" colname="C5" colnum="5" colsep="0" colwidth="19*" rowsep="0"/><colspec align="left" colname="C6" colnum="6" colsep="0" colwidth="19*" rowsep="0"/><colspec align="left" colname="C7" colnum="7" colsep="0" colwidth="3*" rowsep="0"/><thead><row><entry align="left" nameend="C7" namest="C1" rowsep="1">               <p id="IFRS16_P0841" typeface="sansserif">Example 12&#x2014;Lessee allocation of consideration to lease and non&#x2011;lease components of a contract</p>             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry nameend="C7" namest="C1">               <p base="F45932594" id="IFRS16_P0842"><i>Lessor leases a bulldozer, a truck and a long-reach excavator to Lessee to be used in Lessee&#x2019;s mining operations for four years. Lessor also agrees to maintain each item of equipment throughout the lease term. The total consideration in the contract is CU600,000<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS16_FN0001" type="fn"/>, payable in annual instalments of CU150,000, and a variable amount that depends on the hours of work performed in maintaining the long-reach excavator. The variable payment is capped at 2 per cent of the replacement cost of the long-reach excavator. The consideration includes the cost of maintenance services for each item of equipment.</i></p>             </entry></row><row><entry nameend="C7" namest="C1">               <p base="F45932596" id="IFRS16_P0843">Lessee accounts for the non-lease components (maintenance services) separately from each lease of equipment applying <xref base="F47963936" href="IFRS16_g12-17.dita#IFRS16_g12-17/IFRS16_g12-17_TI" id="IFRS16_X0637">paragraph 12 of IFRS 16</xref>. Lessee does not elect the practical expedient in <xref base="F47963975" href="IFRS16_15.dita#IFRS16_15" id="IFRS16_X0638">paragraph 15 of IFRS 16</xref>. Lessee considers the requirements in <xref base="F47963937" href="IFRS16_gB32-B33.dita#IFRS16_gB32-B33/IFRS16_gB32-B33_TI" id="IFRS16_X0639">paragraph B32 of IFRS 16</xref> and concludes that the lease of the bulldozer, the lease of the truck and the lease of the long-reach excavator are each separate lease components. This is because:</p>               <ol base="F45932598" id="IFRS16_L0091" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932599" id="IFRS16_P0844">Lessee can benefit from use of each of the three items of equipment on its own or together with other readily available resources (for example, Lessee could readily lease or purchase an alternative truck or excavator to use in its operations); and</p>                 </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F45932602" id="IFRS16_P0845">although Lessee is leasing all three items of equipment for one purpose (ie to engage in mining operations), the machines are neither highly dependent on, nor highly interrelated with, each other. Lessee&#x2019;s ability to derive benefit from the lease of each item of equipment is not significantly affected by its decision to lease, or not lease, the other equipment from Lessor.</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row><entry nameend="C7" namest="C1">               <p base="F45932603" id="IFRS16_P0846">Consequently, Lessee concludes that there are three lease components and three non-lease components (maintenance services) in the contract. Lessee applies the guidance in <xref base="F47963976" href="IFRS16_g13-16.dita#IFRS16_g13-16/IFRS16_g13-16_TI" id="IFRS16_X0640">paragraphs 13&#x2013;14 of IFRS 16</xref> to allocate the consideration in the contract to the three lease components and the non-lease components.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry nameend="C7" namest="C1">               <p base="F45932604" id="IFRS16_P0847"><i>Several suppliers provide maintenance services for a similar bulldozer and a similar truck. Accordingly, there are observable standalone prices for the maintenance services for those two items of leased equipment. Lessee is able to establish observable stand-alone prices for the maintenance of the bulldozer and the truck of CU32,000 and CU16,000, respectively, assuming similar payment terms to those in the contract with Lessor. The long-reach excavator is highly specialised and, accordingly, other suppliers do not lease or provide maintenance services for similar excavators. Nonetheless, Lessor provides four-year maintenance service contracts to customers that purchase similar long-reach excavators from Lessor. The observable consideration for those four-year maintenance service contracts is a fixed amount of CU56,000, payable over four years, and a variable amount that depends on the hours of work performed in maintaining the long-reach excavator. That variable payment is capped at 2 per cent of the replacement cost of the long-reach excavator. Consequently, Lessee estimates the stand-alone price of the maintenance services for the long-reach excavator to be CU56,000 plus any variable amounts. Lessee is able to establish observable stand-alone prices for the leases of the bulldozer, the truck and the long-reach excavator of CU170,000, CU102,000 and CU224,000, respectively.</i></p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="6"><entry nameend="C7" namest="C1">               <p base="F45933664" id="IFRS16_P0848">Lessee allocates the fixed consideration in the contract (CU600,000) to the lease and non-lease components as follows:</p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p id="IFRS16_P0849" typeface="sansserif"/>             </entry><entry nameend="C6" namest="C2">               <p id="IFRS16_P0850" typeface="sansserif"/>             </entry><entry colname="C7">               <p id="IFRS16_P0851" typeface="sansserif"/>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p id="IFRS16_P0852" typeface="sansserif"/>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" rowsep="1" valign="top">               <p id="IFRS16_P0853" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium"><b>CU</b></p>             </entry><entry align="center" colname="C3" rowsep="1" valign="top">               <p id="IFRS16_P0854" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium"><b>Bulldozer</b></p>             </entry><entry align="center" colname="C4" rowsep="1" valign="top">               <p id="IFRS16_P0855" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium"><b>Truck</b></p>             </entry><entry align="center" colname="C5" rowsep="1" valign="top">               <p id="IFRS16_P0856" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium"><b>Long-reach excavator</b></p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C6" rowsep="1" valign="top">               <p id="IFRS16_P0857" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium"><b>Total</b></p>             </entry><entry colname="C7">               <p id="IFRS16_P0858" typeface="sansserif"/>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p id="IFRS16_P0870" typeface="sansserif"/>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2">               <p id="IFRS16_P0859" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium"><b>Lease</b></p>             </entry><entry align="center" colname="C3">               <p id="IFRS16_P0860" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium">170,000</p>             </entry><entry align="center" colname="C4">               <p id="IFRS16_P0861" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium">102,000</p>             </entry><entry align="center" colname="C5">               <p id="IFRS16_P0862" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium">224,000</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C6">               <p id="IFRS16_P0863" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium"><b>496,000</b></p>             </entry><entry colname="C7">               <p id="IFRS16_P0871" typeface="sansserif"/>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p id="IFRS16_P0872" typeface="sansserif"/>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" rowsep="1">               <p id="IFRS16_P0864" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium"><b>Non-lease</b></p>             </entry><entry align="left" nameend="C5" namest="C3" rowsep="1">               <p id="IFRS16_P0869" typeface="sansserif"/>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C6" rowsep="1">               <p id="IFRS16_P0865" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium"><b>104,000</b></p>             </entry><entry colname="C7">               <p id="IFRS16_P0873" typeface="sansserif"/>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p id="IFRS16_P0875" typeface="sansserif"/>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" rowsep="1" valign="bottom">               <p id="IFRS16_P0866" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium"><b>Total fixed consideration</b></p>             </entry><entry align="left" nameend="C5" namest="C3" rowsep="1">               <p typeface="sansserif"/>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C6" rowsep="1">               <p id="IFRS16_P0867" typeface="sansserif" typestyle="condensed-medium"><b>600,000</b></p>             </entry><entry colname="C7">               <p typeface="sansserif"/>             </entry></row><row><entry nameend="C7" namest="C1">               <p base="F45932631" id="IFRS16_P0868">Lessee allocates all of the variable consideration to the maintenance of the long-reach excavator, and, thus, to the non-lease components of the contract. Lessee then accounts for each lease component applying the guidance in <xref base="F47963977" href="IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" id="IFRS16_X0641">IFRS 16</xref>, treating the allocated consideration as the lease payments for each lease component.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>