<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="SL30012" id="IAS12_25"><paranum>25</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 12"/><data name="paranum" value="25"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS12_P0140">It is inherent in the recognition of a liability that the carrying amount will be settled in future periods through an outflow from the entity of resources embodying economic benefits.              When resources flow from the entity, part or all of their amounts may be deductible in determining <xref base="SL143753" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0018">taxable profit<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0363"/></ph></xref> of a period later than the period in which the liability is recognised. In such cases, a <xref base="SL143765" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0026">temporary difference<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0365"/></ph></xref> exists between the carrying amount of the liability and its <xref base="SL143771" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0033">tax base<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0361"/></ph></xref>. Accordingly, a <xref base="SL143757" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0022">deferred tax asset<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0075"/></ph></xref> arises in respect of the income taxes              that will be recoverable in the future periods when that part of the liability is allowed as a deduction in determining taxable profit. Similarly, if the carrying amount of an asset is less than its tax base, the difference gives rise to a deferred tax asset in respect of the income taxes that will be recoverable in future periods. </p><table base="SL77437" frame="all" orient="port" id="IAS12_TAB0005"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IAS12_P0141">Example</p>             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top">               <p base="SL143853" id="IAS12_P0142">An entity recognises a liability of 100 for accrued product warranty costs. For tax purposes, the product warranty costs will not be deductible until the entity pays claims. The tax rate                                  is 25%.</p>               <p base="SL143854" id="IAS12_P0143"><i>The <xref base="SL143771" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0033">tax base<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0361"/></ph></xref> of the liability is nil (carrying amount of 100, less the amount that will be deductible for tax purposes in respect of that liability in future periods). In settling the liability for its carrying amount, the entity will reduce its future taxable profit by an amount of 100 and, consequently, reduce its future tax payments by 25 (100 at 25%). The difference between the carrying amount of 100 and the tax base of nil is a deductible temporary difference of 100. Therefore, the entity recognises a <xref base="SL143757" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0022">deferred tax asset<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0075"/></ph></xref> of 25 (100 at 25%), provided that it is probable</i>                                  <i>that the entity will earn sufficient taxable profit in future periods to benefit from a reduction in tax payments.</i></p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>