<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS12_20"><paranum>20</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 12"/><data name="paranum" value="20"/></prolog><body><variant base="F46470972" id="IAS12_20_V3"> <p id="IAS12_P0109">IFRSs permit or require certain assets to be carried at fair value or to be revalued (see, for example, <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph>,  <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 38</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Intangible Assets</ph></ph>,  IAS 40 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment Property</ph></ph>,  <xref base="F46470982" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001/IFRS09_TOC0001_V1" id="IAS12_X0137"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph></xref>  and <xref base="F46975958" href="../ifrs16/IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" id="IAS12_X0139">IFRS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Leases</ph></ph></xref> ). In some jurisdictions, the revaluation or other restatement of an asset to fair value affects taxable profit (tax loss) for the current period. As a result, the tax base of the asset is adjusted and no temporary difference arises. In other jurisdictions, the revaluation or restatement of an asset does not affect taxable profit in the period of the revaluation or restatement and, consequently, the tax base of the asset is not adjusted. Nevertheless, the future recovery of the carrying amount will result in a taxable flow of economic benefits to the entity and the amount that will be deductible for tax purposes will differ from the amount of those economic benefits. The difference between the carrying amount of a revalued asset and its tax base is a temporary difference and gives rise to a deferred tax liability or asset. This is true even if:</p> <ol base="SL46470986" id="IAS12_L0010" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="SL46470988" id="IAS12_P0110">the entity does not intend to dispose of the asset. In such cases, the revalued carrying amount of the asset will be recovered through use and this will generate taxable income which exceeds the depreciation that will be allowable for tax purposes in future periods; or</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="SL46470990" id="IAS12_P0111">tax on capital gains is deferred if the proceeds of the disposal of the asset are invested in similar assets. In such cases, the tax will ultimately become payable on sale or use of the similar assets.</p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>