<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS12_51C" base="F15639512"><paranum>51C</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 12"/><data name="paranum" value="51C"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS12_P0277">If a deferred tax liability or asset arises from investment property that is measured using the fair value model in IAS 40,  there is a rebuttable presumption that the carrying amount of the investment property will be recovered through sale. Accordingly, unless the presumption is rebutted, the measurement of the <xref base="SL143756" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0021">deferred tax liability<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0076"/></ph></xref> or <xref base="SL143757" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0022">deferred tax asset<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0075"/></ph></xref> shall reflect the tax consequences of recovering the carrying amount of the investment property entirely through sale. This presumption is rebutted if the investment property is depreciable and is held within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather than through sale. If the presumption is rebutted, the requirements of <xref id="IAS12_X0241" base="F16219259" href="IAS12_51.dita#IAS12_51">paragraphs 51</xref> and <xref id="IAS12_X0242" base="F16219644" href="IAS12_51A.dita#IAS12_51A">51A</xref> shall be followed.</p><table id="IAS12_TAB0010" base="SL15647538" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="8"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="50*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="2*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><colspec colnum="3" colname="C3" colwidth="13*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="right"/><colspec colnum="4" colname="C4" colwidth="2*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><colspec colnum="5" colname="C5" colwidth="13*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="right"/><colspec colnum="6" colname="C6" colwidth="2*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><colspec colnum="7" colname="C7" colwidth="15*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="right"/><colspec colnum="8" colname="C8" colwidth="2*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><thead><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C8" rowsep="1" align="left"> <p id="IAS12_P0280" typeface="sansserif">Example illustrating paragraph 51C</p></entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C8"> <p id="IAS12_P0281" base="F15639517">An investment property has a cost of 100 and fair value of 150. It is measured using the fair value model in IAS 40. It comprises land with a cost of 40 and fair value of 60 and a building with a cost of 60 and fair value of 90. The land has an unlimited useful life.</p> <p id="IAS12_P0282" base="F15639518">Cumulative depreciation of the building for tax purposes is 30. Unrealised changes in the fair value of the investment property do not affect <xref base="SL143753" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0018">taxable profit<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0363"/></ph></xref>. If the investment property is sold for more than cost, the reversal of the cumulative tax depreciation of 30 will be included in taxable profit and taxed at an ordinary tax rate of 30%. For sales proceeds in excess of cost, tax law specifies tax rates of 25% for assets held for less than two years and 20% for assets held for two years or more.</p></entry></row><row keep_together="4"><entry namest="C1" nameend="C8"> <p id="IAS12_P0283" base="F15639520"><i>Because the investment property is measured using the fair value model in <xref id="IAS12_X0244" base="F16219648" href="../ias40/IAS40_TOC0001.dita#IAS40_TOC0001">IAS 40</xref>, there is a rebuttable presumption that the entity will recover the carrying amount of the investment property entirely through sale. If that presumption is not rebutted, the deferred tax reflects the tax consequences of recovering the carrying amount entirely through sale, even if the entity expects to earn rental income from the property before sale.</i></p> <p id="IAS12_P0284" base="F15639531"><i>The tax base of the land if it is sold is 40 and there is a taxable temporary difference of 20 (60 &#x2013; 40). The tax base of the building if it is sold is 30 (60 &#x2013; 30) and there is a taxable temporary difference of 60 (90 &#x2013; 30). As a result, the total taxable temporary difference relating to the investment property is 80 (20 + 60).</i></p> <p id="IAS12_P0285" base="F15639533"><i>In accordance with <xref id="IAS12_X0245" base="F16219649" href="IAS12_47.dita#IAS12_47">paragraph 47</xref>, the tax rate is the rate expected to apply to the period when the investment property is realised. Thus, the resulting deferred tax liability is computed as follows, if the entity expects to sell the property after holding it for more than two years:</i></p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C3" align="right" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0286" typeface="sansserif"><i>Taxable<linebreak/>Temporary<linebreak/>Difference</i></p></entry><entry namest="C4" nameend="C5" align="right" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0287" typeface="sansserif"><i>Tax Rate</i></p></entry><entry namest="C6" nameend="C7" align="right" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0288" typeface="sansserif"><i>Deferred Tax Liability</i></p></entry><entry colname="C8" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0289" typeface="sansserif"/></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" valign="middle"> <p id="IAS12_P0290" typeface="sansserif">Cumulative tax depreciation</p></entry><entry colname="C2" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0291" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C3" align="right" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0292" typeface="sansserif"><i>30</i></p></entry><entry colname="C4" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0293" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C5" align="right" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0294" typeface="sansserif"><i>30%</i></p></entry><entry colname="C6" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0295" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C7" align="right"> <p id="IAS12_P0296" typeface="sansserif"><i>9</i></p></entry><entry colname="C8" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0297" typeface="sansserif"/></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" valign="middle"> <p id="IAS12_P0298" typeface="sansserif">Proceeds in excess of cost</p></entry><entry colname="C2" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0299" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C3" rowsep="1" align="right" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0300" typeface="sansserif"><i>50</i></p></entry><entry colname="C4" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0301" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C5" align="right" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0302" typeface="sansserif"><i>20%</i></p></entry><entry colname="C6" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0303" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C7" rowsep="1" align="right"> <p id="IAS12_P0304" typeface="sansserif"><i>10</i></p></entry><entry colname="C8" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0305" typeface="sansserif"/></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" align="left"> <p id="IAS12_P0306" typeface="sansserif">Total</p></entry><entry colname="C2" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0307" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C3" rowsep="1" double_underline="yes" align="right" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0308" typeface="sansserif"><i>80</i></p></entry><entry colname="C4" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0309" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C5" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0310" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C6" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0311" typeface="sansserif"/></entry><entry colname="C7" rowsep="1" double_underline="yes" align="right" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0312" typeface="sansserif"><i>19</i></p></entry><entry colname="C8" valign="top"> <p id="IAS12_P0313" typeface="sansserif"/></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C8"> <p id="IAS12_P0314" base="F15639546"><i>If the entity expects to sell the property after holding it for less than two years, the above computation would be amended to apply a tax rate of 25%, rather than 20%, to the proceeds in excess of cost.</i></p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C8"> <p id="IAS12_P0315" base="F15639548"><i>If, instead, the entity holds the building within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the building over time, rather than through sale, this presumption would be rebutted for the building. However, the land is not depreciable. Therefore the presumption of recovery through sale would not be rebutted for the land. It follows that the deferred tax liability would reflect the tax consequences of recovering the carrying amount of the building through use and the carrying amount of the land through sale.</i></p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C8"> <p id="IAS12_P0316" base="F15639538"><i>The tax base of the building if it is used is 30 (60 &#x2013; 30) and there is a taxable temporary difference of 60 (90 &#x2013; 30), resulting in a deferred tax liability of 18 (60 at 30%).</i></p> <p id="IAS12_P0317" base="F15639550"><i>The tax base of the land if it is sold is 40 and there is a taxable temporary difference of 20 (60 &#x2013; 40), resulting in a deferred tax liability of 4 (20 at 20%).</i></p> <p id="IAS12_P0318" base="F15639615"><i>As a result, if the presumption of recovery through sale is rebutted for the building, the deferred tax liability relating to the investment property is 22 (18 + 4).</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>