<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="IAS12_PRE"><title><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number"/><linebreak/><linebreak/><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title"/></ph></title><body><p base="F17966594" id="IAS12_P0001">In April 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board (Board) adopted IAS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Income Taxes</ph></ph>, which had originally been issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee in October 1996. IAS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Income Taxes</ph></ph> replaced parts of IAS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for Income Taxes</ph></ph> (issued in July 1979).</p><p base="F17966597" id="IAS12_P0002">In December 2010 the Board amended IAS 12 to address an issue that arises when entities apply the measurement principle in IAS 12 to temporary differences relating to investment properties that are measured at fair value. That amendment also incorporated some guidance from a related Interpretation (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;21</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Income Taxes&#x2014;Recovery of Revalued Non&#x2011;Depreciable Assets</ph></ph>).</p><variants id="IAS12_P0003">       <p base="F50920215" id="IAS12_P0003_V1">In January 2016 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Recognition of Deferred Tax Assets for Unrealised Losses</ph></ph> (Amendments to IAS 12) to clarify the requirements on recognition of deferred tax assets related to debt instruments measured at fair value.</p>     </variants><bodydiv base="IAS2021-3"><p>In May 2021 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities</ph></ph> arising from a Single Transaction. The amendments narrowed the scope of the recognition exemption in paragraphs 15 and 24 of IAS 12 so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on initial recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.</p></bodydiv><variants id="IAS12_P0004">                            <p base="F75097747" id="IAS12_P0004_V4">Other Standards have made minor consequential amendments to IAS 12. They include IFRS 11 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph> (issued May 2011), <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Items of Other Comprehensive Income</ph></ph> (Amendments to IAS 1) (issued June 2011), <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, IFRS 12 and IAS 27) (issued October 2012), IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> (Hedge Accounting and amendments to IFRS 9, IFRS 7 and IAS 39) (issued November 2013), IFRS 15 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph> (issued May 2014), IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> (issued July 2014), IFRS 16 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Leases</ph></ph> (issued January 2016), <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015&#x2013;2017 Cycle</ph></ph> (issued December 2017) and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</ph></ph> (issued March 2018).</p>     </variants></body></topic>