<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS12_17" base="SL30002"><paranum>17</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 12"/><data name="paranum" value="17"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS12_P0085">Some <xref base="SL143765" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0026">temporary differences<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0365"/></ph></xref> arise when income or expense is included in <xref base="SL143752" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0017">accounting profit<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0003"/></ph></xref> in one period but is included in <xref base="SL143753" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0018">taxable profit<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0363"/></ph></xref> in a different period. Such temporary differences are often described as timing differences. The following are examples of temporary differences of this kind which are <xref base="SL143765" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0026">taxable temporary differences<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0365"/></ph></xref> and which therefore result in <xref base="SL143756" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0021">deferred tax liabilities<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0076"/></ph></xref>: </p><ol id="IAS12_L0006" base="SL143809" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS12_P0086" base="SL143811">interest revenue is included in accounting profit on a time proportion basis but may, in some jurisdictions, be included in taxable profit when cash is collected. The <xref base="SL143771" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0033">tax base<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0361"/></ph></xref> of any receivable recognised in the statement of financial position with respect to such revenues is nil because the revenues do not affect taxable profit until cash is collected;</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS12_P0087" base="SL143813">depreciation used in determining taxable profit (tax loss) may differ from that used in determining accounting profit. The temporary difference is the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and its tax base which is the original cost of the asset less all deductions in respect of that asset permitted by the taxation authorities in determining taxable profit of the current and prior periods. A taxable temporary difference arises, and results in a deferred tax liability, when tax depreciation is accelerated (if tax depreciation is less rapid than accounting depreciation, a deductible temporary difference arises, and results in a <xref base="SL143757" href="IAS12_5.dita#IAS12_5/IAS12_P0022">deferred tax asset<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0075"/></ph></xref>); and</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS12_P0088" base="SL143815">development costs may be capitalised  and amortised over future periods in determining accounting profit but deducted in determining taxable profit in the period in which they are incurred. Such development costs have a tax base of nil as they have already been deducted from taxable profit. The temporary difference is the difference between the carrying amount of the development costs and their tax base of nil.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>