<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IAS27_PRE"><title><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number"/>  <ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title"/></ph></title><body><p base="F17966694" id="IAS27_P0001">In April 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board (Board) adopted <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 27</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements and Accounting for Investments in Subsidiaries</ph></ph>, which had originally been issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee in April 1989. That standard replaced IAS 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> (issued in June 1976), except for those parts that dealt with accounting for investment in associates.</p><p base="F17966697" id="IAS27_P0002">In December 2003 the Board issued a revised IAS 27 with a new title—<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph>. This revised IAS 27 was part of the IASB’s initial agenda of technical projects. The revised IAS 27 also incorporated the guidance from two related Interpretations (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC‑12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidation—Special Purpose Entities</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC‑33</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidation and Equity Method—Potential Voting Rights and Allocation of Ownership Interests</ph></ph>).</p><p base="F17966703" id="IAS27_P0003">The Board amended IAS 27 in January 2008 to address the accounting for non‑controlling interests and loss of control of a subsidiary as part of its business combinations project.</p><p base="F17966704" id="IAS27_P0004">In May 2011 the Board issued a revised IAS 27 with a modified title—<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph>. IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> addresses the principle of control and the requirements relating to the preparation of consolidated financial statements.</p><variants id="IAS27_P0005">       <p base="F38986665" id="IAS27_P0005_V1">In October 2012 IAS 27 was amended by <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, IFRS 12 and IAS 27). These amendments introduced new disclosure requirements for investment entities.</p>     </variants><variants id="IAS27_P0006">       <p base="F38986659" id="IAS27_P0006_V1">In August 2014 IAS 27 was amended by <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Equity Method in Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph> (Amendments to IAS 27). These amendments allowed entities to use the equity method to account for investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates in their separate financial statements.</p>     </variants></body></topic>