<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="PS2_14" base="F60594803"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>14</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2"/><data name="paranum" value="14"/></prolog><body><p id="PS2_P0073">Because primary users include potential investors, lenders and other creditors, it would be inappropriate for an entity to narrow the information provided in its financial statements by focusing only on the information needs of existing investors, lenders and other creditors.</p><table id="PS2_TAB0004" base="SL60594925" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><tbody><row keep_together="2"><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1"> <p id="PS2_P0076" typeface="sansserif"><b>Example D—existing and potential investors, lenders and other creditors</b></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0077" base="SL60594926"><b>Background</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0078" base="SL60594928">An entity is 100 per cent owned by its parent. Its parent provides the entity with semi‑finished products that the entity assembles and sells back to the parent. The entity is entirely financed by its parent. The current users of the entity’s financial statements include the parent and the entity’s creditors (mainly local suppliers).</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0079" base="SL60594929"><b>Application</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0080" base="F60594829">The entity refers to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph> to identify the primary users of its financial statements—existing and potential investors, lenders and other creditors who cannot require the entity to provide information directly to them and must rely on general purpose financial statements. When making materiality judgements in the preparation of its financial statements, the entity does not reduce its disclosures to only those of interest to its parent or its existing creditors. The entity also considers the information needs of potential investors, lenders and other creditors when making those judgements.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>