<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="PS2_0006"><title base="F60793448" level="1" id="PS2_0006_TI">Extracts from&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;8</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph></title><body><variant>     </variant><bodydiv base="F60793470" id="PS2_UN0035">       <p base="F60793467" id="PS2_P0459"><b><xref base="F65372681" href="../ias08/IAS08_g5-6.dita#IAS08_g5-6/IAS08_g5-6_TI" id="PS2_X0224">Paragraph 5</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793469" id="PS2_P0460">Referred to in&#xa0;<xref base="F65372682" href="PS2_g72-80.dita#PS2_g72-80/PS2_g72-80_TI" id="PS2_X0225">paragraphs 72</xref>&#xa0;and&#xa0;<xref base="F65372683" href="PS2_78.dita#PS2_78" id="PS2_X0226">78</xref>&#xa0;of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq>         <p id="PS2_P0461"><i><b>Prior period errors</b></i>&#xa0;<b>are omissions from, and misstatements in, the entity&apos;s financial statements for one or more prior periods arising from a failure to use, or misuse of, reliable information that:</b></p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F60793473" type="lower-alpha" id="PS2_L0020"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>             <p base="F60793474" id="PS2_P0462"><b>was available when financial statements for those periods were authorised for issue; and</b></p>           </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p base="F60793476" id="PS2_P0463"><b>could reasonably be expected to have been obtained and taken into account in the preparation and presentation of those financial statements.</b></p>             <p base="F60793479" id="PS2_P0464"><b>Such errors include the effects of mathematical mistakes, mistakes in applying accounting policies, oversights or misinterpretations of facts, and fraud.</b></p>           </li></ol>       </lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="F60793494" id="PS2_UN0036">       <p base="F60793481" id="PS2_P0465"><b><xref base="F65372684" href="../ias08/IAS08_8.dita#IAS08_8" id="PS2_X0227">Paragraph 8</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793483" id="PS2_P0466">Referred to in&#xa0;<xref base="F65372685" href="PS2_g8-10.dita#PS2_g8-10/PS2_g8-10_TI" id="PS2_X0228">paragraph 8</xref>&#xa0;of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq>         <p id="PS2_P0467">IFRSs set out accounting policies that the IASB has concluded result in financial statements containing relevant and reliable information about the transactions, other events and conditions to which they apply. Those policies need not be applied when the effect of applying them is immaterial. However, it is inappropriate to make, or leave uncorrected, immaterial departures from IFRSs to achieve a particular presentation of an entity&#x2019;s financial position, financial performance or cash flows.</p>       </lq>     </bodydiv><bodydiv base="F60793498" id="PS2_UN0037">       <p base="F60793495" id="PS2_P0468"><b><xref base="F65372686" href="../ias08/IAS08_g41-49.dita#IAS08_g41-49/IAS08_g41-49_TI" id="PS2_X0229">Paragraph 41</xref></b></p>       <p base="F60793497" id="PS2_P0469">Referred to in&#xa0;<xref base="F65372687" href="PS2_73.dita#PS2_73" id="PS2_X0230">paragraph 73</xref>&#xa0;of the Practice Statement</p>       <lq>         <p id="PS2_P0470">Errors can arise in respect of the recognition, measurement, presentation or disclosure of elements of financial statements. Financial statements do not comply with IFRSs if they contain either material errors or immaterial errors made intentionally to achieve a particular presentation of an entity&apos;s financial position, financial performance or cash flows. Potential current period errors discovered in that period are corrected before the financial statements are authorised for issue. However, material errors are sometimes not discovered until a subsequent period, and these prior period errors are corrected in the comparative information presented in the financial statements for that subsequent period (see&#xa0;<xref base="F65372688" href="../ias08/IAS08_42.dita#IAS08_42" id="PS2_X0231">paragraphs 42&#x2013;47</xref>).</p>       </lq>     </bodydiv></body></topic>