<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="IAS2021-2" id="PS2_88G"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>88G</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="PS2"/><data name="paranum" value="88G"/></prolog><body><p><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_117D.dita#IAS01_117D">Paragraph 117D of IAS 1</xref> states             that if an entity discloses immaterial accounting policy information, such information             shall not obscure material information. <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_117D.dita#IAS01_117D">Paragraphs 56&#x2013;59</xref> provide guidance about how to communicate information             clearly and concisely in the financial statements.</p><table frame="all" pgwide="0" id="PS2_example-S"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" rowsep="0" colsep="0" align="left" colwidth="1*"/><tbody><row rowsep="1"><entry>                             <p typeface="sansserif"><b>Example S&#x2014;making materiality judgements and                                     focusing on entity-specific information while avoiding                                     standardised (boilerplate) accounting policy information</b></p>                             </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p><b>Background</b></p>                             <p>An entity operates within the telecommunications industry. It has                                 entered into contracts with retail customers to deliver mobile phone                                 handsets and data services. In a typical contract, the entity                                 provides a customer with a handset and data services over three                                 years. The entity applies <xref href="../ifrs15/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC"><ph outputclass="standard_ref&gt;"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 15</ph>                                         <ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with                                             Customers</ph></ph></xref> and recognises revenue when,                                 or as, the entity satisfies its performance obligations in line with                                 the terms of the contract.</p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>The entity has identified two performance obligations and related                                     considerations:<ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li>                                         <li_value>(a)</li_value>                                         <p>the handset&#x2014;the customer makes monthly payments for the                                             handset over three years; and</p>                                     </li><li>                                         <li_value>(b)</li_value>                                         <p>data&#x2014;the customer pays a fixed monthly charge to use a                                             specified monthly amount of data over three years.</p>                                     </li></ol></p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>For the handset, the entity concludes that it should recognise                                 revenue when it satisfies the performance obligation (when it                                 provides the handset to the customer). For the provision of data,                                 the entity concludes that it should recognise revenue as it                                 satisfies the performance obligation (as the entity provides data                                 services to the customer over the three-year life of the                                 contract).</p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>The entity notes that, in accounting for revenue it has made                                 judgements about:<ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li>                                         <li_value>(a)</li_value>                                         <p>the allocation of the transaction price to the                                             performance obligations; and</p>                                     </li><li>                                         <li_value>(b)</li_value>                                         <p>the timing of satisfaction of the performance                                             obligations.</p>                                     </li></ol></p>                             <p>The entity has concluded that revenue generated from these contracts                                 is material to the reporting period.</p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p><b>Application</b></p>                             <p>The entity notes that for contracts of this type it applies separate                                 accounting policies for two sources of revenue, namely revenue                                     from:<ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li>                                         <li_value>(a)</li_value>                                         <p>the sale of handsets; and</p>                                     </li><li>                                         <li_value>(b)</li_value>                                         <p>the provision of data services.</p>                                     </li></ol></p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>Having identified revenue from contracts of this type as material to                                 the financial statements, the entity assesses whether accounting                                 policy information for revenue from these contracts is, in fact,                                 material.</p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>The entity evaluates the effect of disclosing the accounting policy                                 information by considering the presence of qualitative factors. The                                 entity noted that its revenue recognition accounting policies:<ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li>                                         <li_value>(a)</li_value>                                         <p>were unchanged during the reporting period;</p>                                     </li><li>                                         <li_value>(b)</li_value>                                         <p>were not chosen from accounting policy options available                                             in the IFRS Standards;</p>                                     </li><li>                                         <li_value>(c)</li_value>                                         <p>were not developed in accordance with <xref href="../ias08/IAS08_TOC.dita#IAS08_TOC0001"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 8</ph><ph outputclass="standard_title"> Accounting Policies,                                                   Changes in Accounting Estimates and                                                   Errors</ph></ph></xref> in the absence of an IFRS                                             Standard that specifically applies; and</p>                                     </li><li>                                         <li_value>(d)</li_value>                                         <p>are not so complex that primary users will be unable to                                             understand the related revenue transactions without                                             standardised descriptions of the requirements of <xref href="../ifrs15/IFRS15_TOC.dita">IFRS 15</xref>.</p>                                     </li></ol></p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>However, some of the entity&#x2019;s revenue recognition accounting policies                                 relate to an area for which the entity has made significant                                 judgements in applying its accounting policies&#x2014;for example, in                                 deciding how to allocate the transaction price to the performance                                 obligations, and the timing of revenue recognition. </p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>The entity considers that, in addition to disclosing the information                                 required by <xref href="../ifrs15/IFRS15_123.dita#IFRS15_123">paragraphs 123&#x2013;126 of IFRS 15</xref> about the significant                                 judgements made in applying IFRS 15, primary users of its financial                                 statements are likely to need to understand related accounting                                 policy information. Consequently, the entity concludes that such                                 accounting policy information could reasonably be expected to                                 influence the decisions of the primary users of its financial                                 statements. For example, understanding:<ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li>                                         <li_value>(a)</li_value>                                         <p>how the entity allocates the transaction price to its                                             performance obligations is likely to help users                                             understand how each component of the transaction                                             contributes to the entity&#x2019;s revenue and cash flows;                                             and</p>                                     </li><li>                                         <li_value>(b)</li_value>                                         <p>that some revenue is recognised at a point in time and                                             some is recognised over time is likely to help users                                             understand how reported cash flows relate to                                             revenue.</p>                                     </li></ol></p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>The entity also notes that the judgements it made are specific to the                                 entity. Consequently, material accounting policy information would                                 include information about how the entity has applied the                                 requirements of <xref href="../ifrs15/IFRS15_TOC.dita">IFRS                                     15</xref> to its specific circumstances.</p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>The entity, therefore, assesses that accounting policy information                                 about revenue recognition is material and should be disclosed. Such                                 disclosure would include information about how the entity allocates                                 the transaction price to its performance obligations and when the                                 entity recognises revenue.</p>                         </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table frame="all" pgwide="0" id="PS2_example-T"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" rowsep="0" colsep="0" align="left" colwidth="1*"/><tbody><row rowsep="1"><entry>                             <p typeface="sansserif"><b>Example T&#x2014;making materiality judgements on                                     accounting policy information that only duplicates requirements                                     in the IFRS Standards</b></p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p><b>Background</b></p>                             <p>Property, plant and equipment are material to an entity&#x2019;s financial                                 statements.</p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>The entity has no intangible assets or goodwill and has not                                 recognised an impairment loss on its property, plant or equipment in                                 either the current or comparative reporting periods.</p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>In previous reporting periods, the entity disclosed accounting policy                                 information relating to impairment of non-current assets which                                 duplicates the requirements of <xref href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 36</ph><ph outputclass="standard_title"> Impairment                                             of Assets</ph></ph></xref> and provides no                                 entity-specific information. The entity disclosed that:</p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>                                 <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li>                                         <li_value> </li_value>                                         <p>The carrying amounts of the group&#x2019;s intangible assets and                                             its property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each                                             reporting date to determine whether there is any                                             indication of impairment. If any such indication exists,                                             the asset&#x2019;s recoverable amount is estimated. For                                             goodwill and intangibles with an indefinite useful life,                                             the recoverable amount is estimated at least                                             annually.</p>                                     </li><li>                                         <li_value> </li_value>                                         <p>An impairment loss is recognised in the statement of                                             profit or loss whenever the carrying amount of an asset                                             or its cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable                                             amount.</p>                                     </li><li>                                         <li_value> </li_value>                                         <p>The recoverable amount of assets is the greater of their                                             fair value less costs to sell and their value in use. In                                             measuring value in use, estimated future cash flows are                                             discounted to present value using a pre-tax discount                                             rate that reflects current market assessments of the                                             time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.                                             For an asset that does not generate largely independent                                             cash inflows, the recoverable amount is determined for                                             the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.</p>                                     </li><li>                                         <li_value> </li_value>                                         <p>Impairment losses recognised in respect of                                             cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the                                             carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to that                                             cash-generating unit and then to reduce the carrying                                             amount of the other assets in the unit on a pro rata                                             basis.</p>                                     </li><li>                                         <li_value> </li_value>                                         <p>An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not                                             subsequently reversed. For other assets, an impairment                                             loss is reversed if there has been a change in the                                             estimates used to determine the recoverable amount, but                                             only to the extent that the new carrying amount does not                                             exceed the carrying amount that would have been                                             determined, net of depreciation and amortisation, if no                                             impairment loss had been recognised.</p>                                     </li></ol>                             </p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p><b>Application</b></p>                             <p>Having identified assets subject to impairment testing as being                                 material to the financial statements, the entity assesses whether                                 the accounting policy information for impairment is, in fact,                                 material.</p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>As part of its assessment, the entity considers that an impairment or                                 a reversal of an impairment had not occurred in the current or                                 comparative reporting periods. Consequently, accounting policy                                 information about how the entity recognises and allocates impairment                                 losses is unlikely to be material to its primary users. Similarly,                                 because the entity has no intangible assets or goodwill, information                                 about its accounting policy for impairments of intangible assets and                                 goodwill is unlikely to provide its primary users with material                                 information.</p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>However, the entity&#x2019;s impairment accounting policy relates to an area                                 for which the entity is required to make significant judgements or                                 assumptions, as described in <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_122.dita#IAS01_122">paragraphs 122</xref>                                 and <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_125.dita#IAS01_125">125 of IAS                                     1</xref>. Given the entity&#x2019;s specific circumstances, it                                 concludes that information about its significant judgements and                                 assumptions related to its impairment assessments could reasonably                                 be expected to influence the decisions of the primary users of the                                 entity&#x2019;s financial statements. The entity notes that its disclosures                                 about significant judgements and assumptions already include                                 information about the significant judgements and assumptions used in                                 its impairment assessments.</p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>The entity decides that the primary users of its financial statements                                 would be unlikely to need to understand the recognition and                                 measurement requirements of IAS 36 to understand related information                                 in the financial statements.</p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>Consequently, the entity concludes that disclosing a summary of the                                 requirements in IAS 36 in a separate accounting policy for                                 impairment would not provide information that could reasonably be                                 expected to influence decisions made by the primary users of its                                 financial statements. Instead, the entity discloses material                                 accounting policy information related to the significant judgements                                 and assumptions the entity has applied in its impairment assessments                                 elsewhere in the financial statements. </p>                         </entry></row><row><entry>                             <p>Although the entity assesses some accounting policy information for                                 impairments of assets as immaterial, the entity still assesses                                 whether other disclosure requirements of IAS 36 provide material                                 information that should be disclosed.</p>                         </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>