<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="PS2_86" base="F60792936"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>86</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2"/><data name="paranum" value="86"/></prolog><body><p id="PS2_P0339">Similarly, an entity may consider whether to provide information in the annual financial statements that is only material to the interim financial report. However, if information is material to the interim financial report, it need not be presented or disclosed subsequently in the annual financial statements if it is not material to those statements.</p><table id="PS2_TAB0019" base="SL60792972" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1"> <p id="PS2_P0340" typeface="sansserif"><b>Example R—information that is only material to the interim financial report</b></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0341" base="SL60792975"><b>Background</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0342" base="F60792938">An entity has identified measures of its profitability and cash flows as the measures of great interest to the primary users of its financial statements. During the interim period, the entity constructed a new chemical handling process to enable it to comply with environmental requirements for the production and storage of dangerous chemicals. Such an item of property, plant and equipment (PP&amp;E) qualifies for recognition as an asset in accordance with <xref id="PS2_X0158" base="F62013247" href="../ias16/IAS16_g11-11.dita#IAS16_g11-11/IAS16_g11-11_TI">paragraph 11 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph></xref>.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0343" base="F60792980"><b>Application</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0344" base="F60793000"><xref id="PS2_X0159" base="F62013248" href="../ias16/IAS16_74.dita#IAS16_74">Paragraph 74(b) of IAS 16</xref> requires the disclosure of the expenditure recognised in the carrying amount of an item of PP&amp;E in the course of its construction.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0345" base="F60793001">In the preparation of the interim financial report, the entity assessed, both from a quantitative and qualitative perspective, the information about expenditure recognised in the carrying amount of the chemical handling process, concluded that information was material to the interim financial report and disclosed it. </p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0346" base="F60793002">The entity incurred no further expenditure related to the chemical handling process in the second half of the annual reporting period. In the preparation of its annual financial statements, the entity assessed the expenditure recognised in the carrying amount of the chemical handling process against its annual profitability and cash flow measures and concluded that this information was not material to the annual financial statements. In reaching that conclusion, the entity did not identify any qualitative factors leading to a different assessment.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0347" base="F60793004">The entity is not required to disclose information about the expenditure recognised in the carrying amount of its chemical handling process in its annual financial statements.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>