<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="PS2_21"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>21</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2"/><data name="paranum" value="21"/></prolog><body><variant id="PS2_21_V2" base="F75304224"> <p id="PS2_P0104">The objective of financial statements is to provide primary users with financial information that is useful to them in making decisions about providing resources to an entity. However, general purpose financial statements do not, and cannot, provide all the information that primary users need.<xref keyref="footnotes/PS2_FN0030" type="fn"/> Therefore, the entity aims to meet the common information needs of its primary users. It does not aim to address specialised information needs—information needs that are unique to particular users.</p> <table id="PS2_TAB0006" base="SL75304226" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><tbody><row keep_together="2"><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1"> <p id="PS2_P0105" typeface="sansserif"><b>Example E—primary users’ unique or individual information requests</b></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0106" base="SL75304230"><b>Background</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0107" base="SL75304232">Twenty investors each hold 5 per cent of an entity’s voting rights. One of these investors is particularly interested in information about the entity’s expenditure in a specific location because that investor operates another business in that location. Such information could not reasonably be expected to influence decisions that other primary users make on the basis of the entity’s financial statements.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0108" base="SL75304234"><b>Application</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0109" base="F75304236">In making its materiality judgements, the entity does not need to consider the specific information needs of that single investor. The entity concludes that information about its expenditure in the specific location is immaterial information for its primary users as a group and therefore decides not to provide it in its financial statements.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></variant></body></paragraph>