<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="PS2_83" base="F60792878"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>83</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2"/><data name="paranum" value="83"/></prolog><body><bodydiv base="IASB-IAS2022-1">       <p>In assessing whether information about a covenant is material, a combination         of the considerations in <xref base="F62013242" href="PS2_82.dita#PS2_82">paragraph 82(a)–82(b)</xref> applies. Information about a covenant for which the         consequences of a breach would affect an entity’s financial position, financial         performance or cash flows in a way that could reasonably be expected to influence primary         users’ decisions, but for which there is only a remote likelihood of the breach         occurring, is not material.</p>              <table id="PS2_TAB0017" base="SL60792884" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1">                 <p typeface="sansserif"><b>Example P—assessing whether                   information about covenants is material</b></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">                 <p><b>Background</b></p>                 <p>An entity has rapidly grown over the past five                   years and recently suffered some liquidity problems. A long-term loan was granted to                   the entity in the current reporting period. The loan agreement includes a clause                   that requires the entity to maintain a ratio of debt to equity below a specified                   threshold, to be measured at each reporting date (the covenant). According to the                   loan agreement, the debt-to-equity ratio has to be calculated on the basis of debt                   and equity figures as presented in the entity’s IFRS financial statements. If                   the entity breaches the covenant, the entire loan becomes payable on demand. The                   disclosure of covenant terms in an entity’s financial statements is not                   required by any local laws or regulations.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">                 <p><b>Application</b></p>                 <p><xref base="F62013243" href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_g31-42.dita#IFRS07_g31-42/IFRS07_g31-42_TI">Paragraph 31 of                   <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 7</ph>                     <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:                       Disclosures</ph></ph></xref> requires an entity to disclose information that                   enables users of its financial statements to evaluate the nature and extent of risk                   arising from financial instruments to which the entity is exposed at the end of the                   reporting period.</p></entry></row><row><entry><p><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_76ZA.dita">Paragraph 76ZA</xref> of IAS 1 requires an entity to                   disclose, in specified circumstances, information in the notes that enables users                   of financial statements to understand the risk that non-current liabilities with                   covenants could become repayable within twelve months after the reporting                   period.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">                 <p>In the preparation of its financial statements, the                   entity assesses whether information about the existence of the covenant and its                   terms is material information, considering both the consequences  and the likelihood of a                   breach occurring. </p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">                 <p>In these circumstances, the entity concluded that,                   considering its recent liquidity problem, any acceleration of the long-term loan                   repayment plan (the consequence of the covenant breach occurring) would affect the                   entity’s financial position and cash flows in a way that could reasonably be                   expected to influence primary users’ decisions.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">                 <p>The entity also considered the likelihood of a                   breach occurring.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">                 <p><b>Scenario 1—the lender defined the                   covenant threshold on the basis of the three-year business plan prepared by the                   entity, adding a 10 per cent tolerance to the forecast figures</b></p>                 <p>In this scenario, even though the entity has                   historically met its past business plans, it assessed the likelihood of a breach                   occurring as higher than remote. Therefore, information about the existence of the                   covenant and its terms was assessed as material and disclosed in the entity’s                   financial statements.</p>                 <p><b>Scenario 2—the lender defined the                   covenant threshold on the basis of the three-year business plan prepared by the                   entity, adding a 200 per cent tolerance to the forecast figures</b></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">                 <p>In this scenario, the entity assessed the                   likelihood of a breach occurring as remote, on the basis of its historical track                   record of meeting its past business plans and the magnitude of the tolerance                   included in the covenant threshold. Therefore, although the consequences of the                   covenant breach would affect the entity’s financial position and cash flows                   in a way that could reasonably be expected to influence primary users’                   decisions, the entity concluded that information about the existence of the covenant                   and its terms was not material.</p>                 </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>     </bodydiv></body></paragraph>