<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="PS2_85" base="F60792921"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>85</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2"/><data name="paranum" value="85"/></prolog><body><p id="PS2_P0328">In making materiality judgements on its interim financial report, an entity focuses on the period covered by that report, that is:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="PS2_L0016" base="F60792923" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="PS2_P0329" base="F60792924">it assesses whether information in the interim financial report is material in relation to the interim period financial data, not annual data.<xref keyref="footnotes/PS2_FN0055" type="fn"/></p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="PS2_P0330" base="F60792927">it applies the materiality factors on the basis of both the current interim period data and also, whenever there is more than one interim period (eg in the case of quarterly reporting), the data for the current financial year to date.<xref keyref="footnotes/PS2_FN0056" type="fn"/></p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="PS2_P0331" base="F60792929">it may consider whether to provide in the interim financial report information that is expected to be material to the annual financial statements. However, information that is expected to be material to the annual financial statements need not be provided in the interim financial report if it is not material to the interim financial report.</p></li></ol><table id="PS2_TAB0018" base="SL60792939" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1"> <p id="PS2_P0332" typeface="sansserif"><b>Example Q&#x2014;information that is expected to be material to the annual financial statements</b></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0333" base="SL60792942"><b>Background</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0334" base="F60792931">An entity sells mainly standardised products to private customers in its home market. In the first half of the reporting period, 98 per cent of the entity&#x2019;s revenue was generated by sales of Product X. The remaining revenue was principally derived from a pilot sale of a new product line&#x2014;Product Y&#x2014;that the entity planned to launch in the third quarter of the year. The entity expects revenue from Product Y to increase significantly by the end of the annual reporting period, so that Product Y will provide approximately 20&#xa0;per&#xa0;cent of the entity&#x2019;s revenue for the full annual period.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0335" base="F60792947"><b>Application</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0336" base="F60792932"><xref id="PS2_X0156" base="F62013246" href="../ifrs15/IFRS15_g114-115.dita#IFRS15_g114-115/IFRS15_g114-115_TI">Paragraph 114 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;15</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref> requires an entity to disaggregate revenue recognised from contracts into categories that depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0337" base="F60792934">The entity did not identify any qualitative factors  that made the amount of revenues from Product Y material to the interim period.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0338" base="F60792935">In these circumstances, the entity concluded that the information about disaggregation of revenue by product lines was not material to the interim financial report and did not disclose it. In the preparation of the interim financial report, the entity is not required to disaggregate its revenue by product lines even if a greater level of disaggregation is expected to be required for the subsequent annual financial statements. In other words, although the entity expects that revenue by product lines will be material information for the annual financial statements, that fact does not influence the materiality assessment in the preparation of the entity&#x2019;s interim financial report.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>