<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="F60792830" id="PS2_80"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>80</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2"/><data name="paranum" value="80"/></prolog><body><p id="PS2_P0293">An entity must correct cumulative errors if they have become material to the current&#x2011;period financial statements.</p><table base="SL60792835" frame="all" id="PS2_TAB0016" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="0" colwidth="10*" rowsep="0"/><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1"> <p id="PS2_P0296" typeface="sansserif"><b>Example O&#x2014;current&#x2011;period assessment of cumulative errors</b></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p base="SL60792838" id="PS2_P0297"><b>Background</b></p> <p base="F60792832" id="PS2_P0298">An entity, three years ago, purchased a plant. The plant has a useful life of 50 years and a residual value amounting to 20 per cent of the plant cost. The entity started to use the plant three years ago, but has not recognised any depreciation for it (cumulative error). In each prior period, the entity assessed the error of not depreciating its plant as being individually and cumulatively immaterial to the financial statements for that period. There is no indication that the materiality judgements of prior periods were wrong.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p base="F60792833" id="PS2_P0299">In the current period, the entity started depreciating the plant.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p base="F60792834" id="PS2_P0300">In the same period, the entity experienced a significant reduction in profitability (the type of circumstance referred to in <xref base="F62009491" href="PS2_79.dita#PS2_79" id="PS2_X0141">paragraph 79(a) of the Practice Statement</xref>).</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p base="F61189732" id="PS2_P0301"><b>Application</b></p> <p base="F60792854" id="PS2_P0302">When making its materiality judgements in the preparation of the current-period financial statements, the entity concluded that the cumulative error was material to the current-period financial statements.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p base="F60792857" id="PS2_P0303">In this scenario, the entity does not need to revisit the materiality assessments it made in prior periods.  However, because in the current period the cumulative error has become material to the current-period financial statements, the entity must apply the requirements in <xref base="F62009492" href="../ias08/IAS08_TOC.dita#IAS08_TOC0001" id="PS2_X0143">IAS&#xa0;8</xref> to correct it. </p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>