<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS03_B69" base="F4301576"><paranum>B69</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3"/><data name="paranum" value="B69"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_P0580">The requirement to apply this IFRS prospectively has the following effect for a <xref base="F4230842" href="IFRS03_APPA.dita#IFRS03_APPA/IFRS03_P0304">business combination<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0025"/></ph></xref> involving only <xref base="F4230873" href="IFRS03_APPA.dita#IFRS03_APPA/IFRS03_P0321">mutual entities<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0251"/></ph></xref> or by contract alone if the <xref base="F4230836" href="IFRS03_APPA.dita#IFRS03_APPA/IFRS03_P0298">acquisition date<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0006"/></ph></xref> for that business combination is before the application of this IFRS:</p><ol id="IFRS03_L0067" base="F4301578" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0581" base="F4301579"><i>Classification</i>&#x2014;An entity shall continue to classify the prior business combination in accordance with the entity&#x2019;s previous accounting policies for such combinations.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0582" base="F4301582"><i>Previously recognised goodwill</i>&#x2014;At the beginning of the first annual period in which this IFRS is applied, the carrying amount of <xref base="F4230858" href="IFRS03_APPA.dita#IFRS03_APPA/IFRS03_P0311">goodwill<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0147"/></ph></xref> arising from the prior business combination shall be its carrying amount at that date in accordance with the entity&#x2019;s previous accounting policies. In determining that amount, the entity shall eliminate the carrying amount of any accumulated amortisation of that goodwill and the corresponding decrease in goodwill. No other adjustments shall be made to the carrying amount of goodwill.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0583" base="F4301585"><i>Goodwill previously recognised as a deduction from equity</i>&#x2014;The entity&#x2019;s previous accounting policies may have resulted in goodwill arising from the prior business combination being recognised as a deduction from equity. In that situation the entity shall not recognise that goodwill as an asset at the beginning of the first annual period in which this IFRS is applied. Furthermore, the entity shall not recognise in profit or loss any part of that goodwill when it disposes of all or part of the <xref base="F4230839" href="IFRS03_APPA.dita#IFRS03_APPA/IFRS03_P0301">business<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0024"/></ph></xref> to which that goodwill relates or when a cash&#x2011;generating unit to which the goodwill relates becomes impaired.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0584" base="F4301588"><i>Subsequent accounting for goodwill</i>&#x2014;From the beginning of the first annual period in which this IFRS is applied, an entity shall discontinue amortising goodwill arising from the prior business combination and shall test goodwill for impairment in accordance with <xref id="IFRS03_X0548" base="F5312253" href="../ias36/IAS36_TOC0001.dita#IAS36_TOC0001">IAS 36</xref>.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0585" base="F4301591"><i>Previously recognised negative goodwill</i>&#x2014;An entity that accounted for the prior business combination by applying the purchase method may have recognised a deferred credit for an excess of its interest in the net <xref base="F16141310" href="IFRS03_APPA.dita#IFRS03_APPA/IFRS03_P0309">fair value<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0118"/></ph></xref> of the <xref base="F4230829" href="IFRS03_APPA.dita#IFRS03_APPA/IFRS03_P0296">acquiree&#x2019;s<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0004"/></ph></xref> <xref base="F4230861" href="IFRS03_APPA.dita#IFRS03_APPA/IFRS03_P0314">identifiable<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0174"/></ph></xref> assets and liabilities over the cost of that interest (sometimes called negative goodwill). If so, the entity shall derecognise the carrying amount of that deferred credit at the beginning of the first annual period in which this IFRS is applied with a corresponding adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings at that date.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>