<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F4230962" principles="no" id="IFRS03_B15"><paranum>B15</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3"/><data name="paranum" value="B15"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_P0359">In a business combination effected primarily by exchanging <xref base="F4230851" href="IFRS03_APPA.dita#IFRS03_APPA/IFRS03_P0308">equity interests<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0104"/></ph></xref>, the <xref base="F4230833" href="IFRS03_APPA.dita#IFRS03_APPA/IFRS03_P0297">acquirer<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0005"/></ph></xref> is usually the entity that issues its equity interests. However, in some business combinations, commonly called &#x2018;reverse acquisitions&#x2019;, the issuing entity is the <xref base="F4230829" href="IFRS03_APPA.dita#IFRS03_APPA/IFRS03_P0296">acquiree<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0004"/></ph></xref>. <xref base="F5311669" href="IFRS03_gB19-B27.dita#IFRS03_gB19-B27" id="IFRS03_X0398">Paragraphs B19&#x2013;B27</xref> provide guidance on accounting for reverse acquisitions. Other pertinent facts and circumstances shall also be considered in identifying the acquirer in a business combination effected by exchanging equity interests, including:</p><ol base="F4230964" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS03_L0037"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F4230965" id="IFRS03_P0360"><i>the relative voting rights in the combined entity after the business combination</i>&#x2014;The acquirer is usually the combining entity whose <xref base="F4230877" href="IFRS03_APPA.dita#IFRS03_APPA/IFRS03_DI0014" scope="local">owners<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0281"/></ph></xref> as a group retain or receive the largest portion of the voting rights in the combined entity. In determining which group of owners retains or receives the largest portion of the voting rights, an entity shall consider the existence of any unusual or special voting arrangements and options, warrants or convertible securities.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F4230968" id="IFRS03_P0361"><i>the existence of a large minority voting interest in the combined entity if no other owner or organised group of owners has a significant voting interest</i>&#x2014;The acquirer is usually the combining entity whose single owner or organised group of owners holds the largest minority voting interest in the combined entity.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="F4230971" id="IFRS03_P0362"><i>the composition of the governing body of the combined entity</i>&#x2014;The acquirer is usually the combining entity whose owners have the ability to elect or appoint or to remove a majority of the members of the governing body of the combined entity.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="F4230975" id="IFRS03_P0363"><i>the composition of the senior management of the combined entity</i>&#x2014;The acquirer is usually the combining entity whose (former) management dominates the management of the combined entity.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p base="F4230978" id="IFRS03_P0364"><i>the terms of the exchange of equity interests</i>&#x2014;The acquirer is usually the combining entity that pays a premium over the pre&#x2011;combination <xref base="F16141310" href="IFRS03_APPA.dita#IFRS03_APPA/IFRS03_P0309">fair value<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0118"/></ph></xref> of the equity interests of the other combining entity or entities.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>