<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="Edu_d5e26796"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn base="IFRS03_2" id="IFRS03_FN0001">         <p id="IFRS03_P2789" outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2013, Agenda           Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 2</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Share-based Payment</ph></ph>&#x2014;Accounting for reverse           acquisitions that do not constitute a business&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received requests for guidance on how to account for           transactions in which the former shareholders of a non-listed operating entity become the           majority shareholders of the combined entity by exchanging their shares for new shares of           a listed non-operating entity. However, the transaction is structured such that the listed           non-operating entity acquires the entire share capital of the non-listed operating           entity.</p>       <p>In the absence of a Standard that specifically applies to this transaction the         Interpretations Committee observed that the analysed transaction has some features of a         reverse acquisition under IFRS 3 because the former shareholders of the legal subsidiary         obtain control of the legal parent. Consequently, it is appropriate to apply by analogy,         in accordance with paragraphs 10&#x2013;12 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting             Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph>, the guidance in         paragraphs B19&#x2013;B27 of IFRS 3 for reverse acquisitions. Application of the reverse         acquisitions guidance by analogy results in the non-listed operating entity being         identified as the accounting acquirer, and the listed non-operating entity being         identified as the accounting acquiree. The Interpretations Committee noted that in         applying the reverse acquisition guidance in paragraph B20 of IFRS 3 by analogy, the         accounting acquirer is deemed to have issued shares to obtain control of the acquiree.</p>       <p>If the listed non-operating entity qualifies as a business on the basis of the guidance         in paragraph B7 of IFRS 3, IFRS 3 would be applicable to the transaction. However, if the         listed non-operating entity is not a business, the transaction is not a business         combination and is therefore not within the scope of IFRS 3. Because the analysed         transaction is not within the scope of IFRS 3, the Interpretations Committee noted that it         is therefore a share-based payment transaction which should be accounted for in accordance         with IFRS 2.</p>       <p>The Interpretations Committee observed that on the basis of the guidance in paragraph 13A         of IFRS 2, any difference in the fair value of the shares deemed to have been issued by         the accounting acquirer and the fair value of the accounting acquiree&#x2019;s identifiable net         assets represents a service received by the accounting acquirer. The Interpretations         Committee concluded that, regardless of the level of monetary or non-monetary assets owned         by the non-listed operating entity, the entire difference should be considered to be         payment for a service of a stock exchange listing for its shares, and that no amount         should be considered a cost of raising capital. The Interpretations Committee observed         that the service received in the form of a stock exchange listing does not meet the         definition of an intangible asset because it is not &#x201C;identifiable&#x201D; in accordance with         paragraph 12 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 38</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Intangible Assets</ph></ph> (ie it is         not separable). The service received also does not meet the definition of an asset that         should be recognised in accordance with other Standards and the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual             Framework</ph></ph>.</p>       <p>The Interpretations Committee also observed that on the basis of the guidance in         paragraph 8 of IFRS 2 which states that &#x201C;when the goods or services received or acquired         in a share-based payment transaction do not qualify for recognition as assets, they shall         be recognised as expenses&#x201D;, the cost of the service received is recognised as an         expense. </p>       <p>On the basis of the analysis above, the Interpretations Committee determined that, in the         light of the existing IFRS requirements, neither an interpretation nor an amendment to         Standards was necessary and consequently decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS03_2" id="IFRS03_FN0002">         <p id="IFRS03_P2790">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2006, Agenda Decision,           &#x2018;"Transitory" common control&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC considered whether a reorganisation involving the formation of a new entity to           facilitate the sale of part of an organisation is a business combination within the scope           of IFRS 3.</p>         <p>IFRS 3 does not apply to business combinations in which all the combining entities or           businesses are under common control both before and after the combination, unless that           control is transitory. It was suggested to the IFRIC that, because control of the new           entity is transitory, a combination involving that newly formed entity would be within the           scope of IFRS 3.</p>         <p>IFRS 3 paragraph 22 (now <xref base="F7016861" href="IFRS03_B18.dita#IFRS03_B18" id="IFRS03_X1600">paragraph B18</xref>) states that when an entity is formed to issue           equity instruments to effect a business combination, one of the combining entities that           existed before the combination must be identified as the acquirer on the basis of the           evidence available (now must be identified as the acquirer by applying the guidance             in <xref base="F16040091" href="IFRS03_BC13.dita#IFRS03_BC13" id="IFRS03_X1601">paragraphs B13&#x2013;B17</xref>). The IFRIC noted that, to be consistent, the question of           whether the entities or businesses are under common control applies to the combining           entities that existed before the combination, excluding the newly formed entity.           Accordingly, the IFRIC decided not to add this topic to its agenda.</p>         <p>The IFRIC also considered a request for guidance on how to apply IFRS 3 to           reorganisations in which control remains within the original group. The IFRIC decided not           to add this topic to the agenda, since it was unlikely that it would reach agreement in a           reasonable period, in the light of existing diversity in practice and the explicit           exclusion of common control transactions from the scope of IFRS 3.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS03_2" id="IFRS03_FN0004">         <p id="IFRS03_P2792">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2017, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Income Taxes</ph></ph>&#x2014;Recognition of deferred taxes when           acquiring a single-asset entity that is not a business&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Committee received a submission questioning how, in its consolidated financial           statements, an entity accounts for a transaction in which it acquires all the shares of           another entity that has an investment property as its only asset. In the fact pattern           submitted, the acquiree had recognised in its statement of financial position a deferred           tax liability arising from measuring the investment property at fair value. The amount           paid for the shares is less than the fair value of the investment property because of the           associated deferred tax liability. The transaction described in the submission does not           meet the definition of a business combination in IFRS 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph> because the acquired           entity is not a business. The acquiring entity applies the fair value model in IAS 40 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment             Property</ph></ph>.</p>         <p>The submitter asked whether the requirements in paragraph 15(b) of IAS 12 permit the           acquiring entity to recognise a deferred tax liability on initial recognition of the           transaction. If this is not the case, the submitter asked the Committee to consider           whether the requirements in paragraph 15(b) of IAS 12 should be amended so that, in these           circumstances, the acquiring entity would not recognise a gain on measuring the investment           property at fair value immediately after initial recognition of the transaction.</p>         <p>The Committee noted that:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_P2793">because the transaction is not a business combination,               paragraph 2(b) of IFRS 3 requires the acquiring entity, in its consolidated financial               statements, to allocate the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities               assumed; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_P2794">paragraph 15(b) of IAS 12 says that an entity does not recognise a               deferred tax liability for taxable temporary differences that arise from the initial               recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business               combination and that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting               profit or loss nor taxable profit (tax loss).</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IFRS03_P2795">Accordingly, on acquisition, the acquiring entity recognises only the           investment property and not a deferred tax liability in its consolidated financial           statements. The acquiring entity therefore allocates the entire purchase price to the           investment property.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the requirements in IFRS Standards provide an adequate basis           for an entity to determine how to account for the transaction. The Committee also           concluded that any reconsideration of the initial recognition exception in paragraph 15(b)           of IAS 12 is something that would require a Board-level project. Consequently, the           Committee decided not to add this matter to its standard-setting agenda.</p>         <p>The Committee noted that the Board had recently considered whether to add a project on           IAS 12 to the Board&#x2019;s agenda but had decided not to do so. Consequently, the Committee did           not recommend that the Board consider adding a project to its agenda on this topic.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS03_2" id="IFRS03_FN0005">         <p id="IFRS03_P2796">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, November 2017, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;Acquisition of           a Group of Assets (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph>)&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Committee received a request asking how an entity accounts for the acquisition of a           group of assets that does not constitute a business (the group). More specifically, the           submitter asked how to allocate the transaction price to the identifiable assets acquired           and liabilities assumed when:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_P2797">the sum of the individual fair values of the identifiable assets               and liabilities is different from the transaction price; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_P2798">the group includes identifiable assets and liabilities initially               measured both at cost and at an amount other than cost.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IFRS03_P2799">Paragraph 2(b) of IFRS 3 requires an entity to do the following on           acquisition of a group of assets:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_P2800">identify and recognise the individual identifiable assets acquired               and liabilities assumed; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_P2801">allocate the cost of the group to the individual identifiable               assets and liabilities based on their relative fair values at the date of the               acquisition.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IFRS03_P2802">Other IFRS Standards include initial measurement requirements for           particular assets and liabilities (for example, IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> for financial           instruments). The Committee observed that if an entity initially considers that there           might be a difference between the transaction price for the group and the sum of the           individual fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities, the entity first           reviews the procedures it has used to determine those individual fair values to assess           whether such a difference truly exists before allocating the transaction price. The           Committee then considered two possible ways of accounting for the acquisition of the           group. Applying the first approach, an entity accounts for the acquisition of the group as           follows:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_P2803">it identifies the individual identifiable assets acquired and               liabilities assumed that it recognises at the date of the acquisition;</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_P2804">it determines the individual transaction price for each               identifiable asset and liability by allocating the cost of the group based on the               relative fair values of those assets and liabilities at the date of the acquisition;               and then</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_P2805">it applies the initial measurement requirements in applicable               Standards to each identifiable asset acquired and liability assumed. The entity               accounts for any difference between the amount at which the asset or liability is               initially measured and its individual transaction price applying the relevant               requirements.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IFRS03_P2806">Applying the second approach, for any identifiable asset or liability           initially measured at an amount other than cost, an entity initially measures that asset           or liability at the amount specified in the applicable IFRS Standard. The entity deducts           from the transaction price of the group the amounts allocated to the assets and           liabilities initially measured at an amount other than cost, and then allocates the           residual transaction price to the remaining identifiable assets and liabilities based on           their relative fair values at the date of the acquisition.</p>         <p id="IFRS03_P2807">The Committee concluded that a reasonable reading of the requirements           in paragraph 2(b) of IFRS 3 on the acquisition of a group of assets that does not           constitute a business results in one of the two approaches outlined in this agenda           decision. The Committee observed that an entity would apply its reading of the           requirements consistently to all acquisitions of a group of assets that does not           constitute a business. An entity would also disclose the selected approach applying           paragraphs 117&#x2013;124 of IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> if that           disclosure would assist users of financial statements in understanding how those           transactions are reflected in reported financial performance and financial position.</p>         <p>In the light of its analysis, the Committee considered whether to add a project on the           acquisition of a group of assets to its standard-setting agenda. The Committee noted that           any such project would not be narrow in scope. With this in mind, the Committee observed           that it had not obtained sufficient evidence that the outcomes of applying the two           approaches outlined in this agenda decision would be expected to have a material effect on           the amounts that entities report. Consequently, the Committee concluded that a project           would not result in an improvement in financial reporting that would be sufficient to           outweigh the costs. The Committee therefore decided not to add this matter to its           standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS03_FN0006">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS03_P2808">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, January 2016,           Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 11</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Joint           Arrangements</ph></ph>&#x2014;Remeasurement of previously held interests&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee discussed whether previously held interests in the assets           and liabilities of a joint operation should be remeasured in the following transactions           when the asset or group of assets involved in such transactions do not meet the definition           of a business in accordance with IFRS 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph>:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_P2809">obtaining control of a joint operation when the entity previously               had joint control of, or was a party to, the joint operation before the transaction;               and</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_P2810">a change of interests resulting in a party to a joint operation               obtaining joint control over the joint operation. The party to the joint operation had               rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities relating to the joint               operation before the transaction.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IFRS03_P2811">The Interpretations Committee noted that paragraph 2(b) of IFRS 3           explains the requirements for accounting for an asset acquisition in which the asset or           group of assets do not meet the definition of a business. The Interpretations Committee           noted that paragraph 2(b) of IFRS 3 specifies that a cost-based approach should be used in           accounting for an asset acquisition, and that in a cost-based approach the existing assets           are generally not remeasured. The Interpretations Committee also observed that it was not           aware of significant diversity in practice and, therefore, decided not to add this issue           to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS03_7" id="IFRS03_FN0008">         <p id="IFRS03_P2813">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, May 2014, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph>&#x2014;identification of the           acquirer in accordance with IFRS 3 and the parent in accordance with <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 10</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> in a stapling           arrangement&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify the interaction of the           requirements in IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) for identifying an acquirer with the           requirements in IFRS 10 for deciding whether control exists. More specifically, the           submitter is seeking clarification of whether an acquirer identified for the purpose of           IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) is a parent for the purpose of IFRS 10 in circumstances in           which a business combination is achieved by contract alone, such as a stapling           arrangement, with no combining entity obtaining control of the other combining           entities.</p>         <p>IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) defines a business combination as &#x201C;a transaction or other           event in which an acquirer obtains control of one or more businesses&#x201D;. In addition, IFRS 3           (as revised in 2008) refers to IFRS 10 for the meaning of the term &#x2018;control&#x2019;. IFRS 10           states that an investor controls an investee when it is exposed, or has rights, to           variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect           those returns through its power over the investee. Hence, the Interpretations Committee           observed that an investment is not needed in order for an entity to control another           entity.</p>         <p>The definition of a business combination in IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) includes           transactions in which an acquirer obtains control of one or more businesses. It also           includes transactions that are sometimes referred to as &#x2018;true mergers&#x2019; or &#x2018;mergers of           equals&#x2019;. In other words, it includes transactions in which none of the combining entities           obtains control of the other combining entities. The Interpretations Committee discussed a           stapling arrangement and noted that if the stapling arrangement combines separate entities           and businesses by the unification of ownership and voting interests in the combining           entities, then such a transaction is a business combination as defined by IFRS 3 (as           revised in 2008).</p>         <p>Notwithstanding the fact that IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) includes business combinations           in which none of the combining entities obtains control of the other combining entities,           the Interpretations Committee noted that paragraph 6 of IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008)           requires that one of the combining entities in a business combination must be identified           as the acquirer. Paragraphs B14&#x2013;B18 of IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) provide additional           guidance for identifying the acquirer if the guidance in IFRS 10 does not clearly indicate           which combining entity is the acquirer.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee also noted that paragraph B15(a) of IFRS 3 (as revised in           2008) provides guidance on identifying the acquirer by assessing the relative voting           rights in the combined entity after the combination&#x2014;this guidance explains that the           acquirer is usually the combining entity whose owners, as a group, receive the largest           portion of the voting rights in the combined entity. This guidance is consistent with the           Interpretations Committee&#x2019;s observation that the definition of a business combination           includes transactions in which none of the combining entities or businesses are identified           as having control of the other combining entities. The Interpretations Committee thought           that this guidance would be relevant to identifying which of the combining entities is the           acquirer in the stapling transaction considered.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that the IASB stated in the IASB Update for September           2004 that the intended interaction between IFRS 3 (issued in 2004) and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 27</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated and Separate Financial           Statements</ph></ph> is that an entity that is identified as the &#x2018;acquirer&#x2019; of another           entity in accordance with IFRS 3 (issued in 2004) is a &#x2018;parent&#x2019; for the purposes of           IAS 27. The Interpretations Committee noted that the meaning of the term &#x2018;acquirer&#x2019; has           not changed since 2004 and that the term &#x2018;control&#x2019; is used consistently between IFRS 3 (as           revised in 2008) and IFRS 10. It also noted that the notion in IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008)           that a business combination could occur even if none of the combining entities obtains           control of the other combining entities has not changed from IFRS 3 (issued in 2004).           Accordingly, the Interpretations Committee observed that the IASB&#x2019;s statement on the           interaction between IFRS 3 (issued in 2004) and IAS 27 remains valid in respect of the           interaction between IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) and IFRS 10. Consequently, the           Interpretations Committee observed that the combining entity in the stapling arrangement           that is identified as the acquirer for the purpose of IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) should           prepare consolidated financial statements of the combined entity in accordance with           IFRS 10.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that there is little diversity in practice for the           accounting for business combinations achieved by contract alone. It further noted that it           does not expect diversity to emerge in the future on the basis of the analysis on the           requirements and guidance in IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) and IFRS 10. </p>         <p>Accordingly, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its           agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS03_g39-40" id="IFRS03_FN0011">         <p id="IFRS03_P2816">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, November 2006, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph>&#x2014;Are puts or forwards           received by minority interests in a business combination contingent consideration?&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC considered a request for an interpretation of whether a put or forward entered           into by a parent entity, as part of a business combination, to acquire the shares held by           the [non&#x2011;controlling] minority interest was contingent or deferred consideration.</p>         <p>The accounting for these arrangements, including the circumstances considered by the           IFRIC, was being considered by the Board as part of the current redeliberations on the           proposed revised IFRS 3. The IFRIC expected that the revised IFRS 3 would assist in           clarifying whether this type of arrangement includes a component of contingent           consideration. The IFRIC therefore believed that it could not develop guidance more           quickly than it was likely to be developed in the business combinations project and           decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS03_g53-53" id="IFRS03_FN0012">         <p id="IFRS03_P2817">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, July 2009, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph>&#x2014;Acquisition&#x2011;related costs           in a business combination&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC had received requests to clarify the treatment of acquisition&#x2011;related costs           that the acquirer incurred before it applies IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) that relate to a           business combination that is accounted for according to the revised IFRS.</p>         <p>In accordance with the revised IFRS 3, because acquisition&#x2011;related costs are not part of           the exchange transaction between the acquirer and the acquiree (or its former owners),           they are not considered part of the business combination. Therefore, except for costs to           issue debt or equity securities that are recognised in accordance with IAS 32 and IAS 39,           the revised IFRS 3 requires an entity to account for acquisition&#x2011;related costs as expenses           in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the services are received. In contrast,           IFRS 3 (as issued in 2004) required the acquisition&#x2011;related costs to be included in the           cost of a business combination.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that more than one interpretation of how the requirements of the two           IFRSs interact was possible. Accordingly, the IFRIC concluded that an entity should           disclose its accounting policy for such costs and the amount recognised in the financial           statements. Because this was a transitional issue that would not arise for accounting           periods beginning on or after 1 July 2009, the IFRIC decided not to add the issue to its           agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS03_64" id="IFRS03_FN0013">         <p id="IFRS03_P2818">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, July 2009, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph>&#x2014;Earlier application of           IFRS 3&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC had received requests to clarify whether IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) must be           applied from the beginning of an annual period if it was adopted early.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that paragraph 64 of IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) requires the revised           IFRS to be applied for the whole annual period if it is applied early.</p>         <p>The IFRIC also noted that the question of whether an entity can decide during a reporting           period to apply a revised IFRS early is not unique to the revised IFRS 3. The IFRIC           observed that this question should be answered in accordance with the general principles             in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and               Errors</ph></ph>. Accordingly, if an entity chooses to apply the revised IFRS 3 early,           it must apply it to all business combinations that occurred in the annual period in which           the revised IFRS is first applied.</p>         <p>The IFRIC concluded that relevant guidance on the early application of the revised IFRS 3           existed in IFRSs and it did not expect divergence in practice. Therefore, the IFRIC           decided not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS03_gB1-B4" id="IFRS03_FN0014">         <p id="IFRS03_P2819">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, January 2010, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 27</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated and Separate Financial           Statements</ph></ph>&#x2014;Presentation of comparatives when applying the "pooling of           interests" method&#x2019; </p>         <p>The IFRIC received a request for guidance on the presentation of comparatives when           applying the &#x2018;pooling of interests&#x2019; method for business combinations between entities           under common control when preparing financial statements in accordance with IFRSs.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph> (revised           2008) excludes from its scope &#x2018;a combination of entities or businesses under common           control&#x2019;. The IFRIC noted that resolving the issue would require interpreting the           interaction of multiple IFRSs. The IFRIC also noted that in December 2007 the Board added           a project to its research agenda to examine the definition of common control and the           methods of accounting for business combinations under common control in the acquirer&#x2019;s           consolidated and separate financial statements. Therefore, the IFRIC decided not to add           this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS03_B18" id="IFRS03_FN0015">         <p id="IFRS03_P2820">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, September 2011, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph>&#x2014;Business combinations           involving newly formed entities: business combinations under common control&#x2019; </p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request for guidance on accounting for common           control transactions. More specifically, the submission describes a fact pattern that           illustrates a type of common control transaction in which the parent company (Entity A),           which is wholly owned by Shareholder A, transfers a business (Business A) to a new entity           (referred to as &#x2018;Newco&#x2019;) also wholly owned by Shareholder A. The submission requests           clarification on (a) the accounting at the time of the transfer of the business to Newco;           and (b) whether an initial public offering (IPO) of Newco, which might occur after the           transfer of Business A to Newco, is considered to be relevant in analysing the transaction           under IFRS 3.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that the accounting for common control transactions is too broad           to be addressed through an interpretation or through an annual improvement. The Committee           also noted that the issues raised by the submitter have previously been brought to the           Board&#x2019;s attention. The Committee determined that the specific fact pattern submitted would           be better considered within the context of a broader project on accounting for common           control transactions, which the Board is planning to address at a later stage.</p>         <p>Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add the issue to its agenda           and recommended the Board to consider the fact pattern described in the submission as part           of its project on common control transactions.] </p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS03_B18" id="IFRS03_FN0016">         <p id="IFRS03_P2821">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, September 2011, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph>&#x2014;Factors affecting the           identification of the acquirer&#x2019; </p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request for guidance on the circumstances or           factors that are relevant when identifying an acquirer in a business combination under           IFRS 3. More specifically, the submitter described a fact pattern in which a group plans           to spin off two of its subsidiaries using a new entity (&#x2018;Newco&#x2019;). Newco will acquire these           subsidiaries for cash from the parent company (Entity A) only on condition of the           occurrence of Newco&#x2019;s initial public offering (IPO). The cash paid by Newco to Entity A to           acquire the subsidiaries is raised through the IPO. After the IPO occurs, Entity A loses           control of Newco. If the IPO does not take place, Newco will not acquire the           subsidiaries.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that the accounting for a fact pattern involving the creation of a           newly formed entity is too broad to be addressed through an interpretation or through an           annual improvement. The Committee determined that the specific fact pattern submitted           would be better considered within the context of a broader project on accounting for           common control transactions, which the Board is planning to address at a later stage.</p>         <p>Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add the issue to its agenda           and recommended the Board to consider the fact pattern described in the submission as part           of its project on common control transactions.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS03_B19" id="IFRS03_FN0017">         <p id="IFRS03_P2822">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, September 2011, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph>&#x2014;Acquirer in a reverse           acquisition&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request for guidance asking whether a business           that is not a legal entity could be considered to be the acquirer in a reverse acquisition           under IFRS 3.</p>         <p>The Committee noted that in accordance with paragraph 7 of IFRS 3, the acquirer is &#x2018;the           entity that obtains control of the acquiree&#x2019; and, in accordance with Appendix A of IFRS 3,           the acquiree is &#x2018;the business or businesses that the acquirer obtains control of in a           business combination&#x2019;.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that IFRSs and the current <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> do not require a           &#x2018;reporting entity&#x2019; to be a legal entity. Consequently, the Committee noted that an           acquirer that is a reporting entity, but not a legal entity, can be considered to be the           acquirer in a reverse acquisition.</p>         <p>The Committee noted that this issue is not widespread. Consequently, the Committee           decided not to add this issue to its agenda.] </p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS03_B19" id="IFRS03_FN0018">         <p id="IFRS03_P2823">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2013, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 2</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Share-based Payment</ph></ph>&#x2014;Accounting for reverse           acquisitions that do not constitute a business&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received requests for guidance on how to account for           transactions in which the former shareholders of a non-listed operating entity become the           majority shareholders of the combined entity by exchanging their shares for new shares of           a listed non-operating entity. However, the transaction is structured such that the listed           non-operating entity acquires the entire share capital of the non-listed operating           entity.</p>         <p>&#x2026;</p>         <p>[The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after paragraph 2 of IFRS 3.]]</p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS03_B34" id="IFRS03_FN0019">         <p id="IFRS03_P2824">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2009, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations&#x2014;Customer</ph></ph>&#x2011;related           intangible assets&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC received a request to add an item to its agenda to provide guidance on the           circumstances in which a non&#x2011;contractual customer relationship arises in a business           combination. IFRS 3 (as revised in 2008) requires an acquirer to recognise the           identifiable intangible assets of the acquiree separately from goodwill. An intangible           asset is identifiable if it meets either the contractual&#x2011;legal criterion or the separable           criterion in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 38</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Intangible Assets</ph></ph>. Contractual           customer relationships are always recognised separately from goodwill because they meet           the contractual&#x2011;legal criterion. However, non&#x2011;contractual customer relationships are           recognised separately from goodwill only if they meet the separable criterion.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that the IFRS Glossary defines the term &#x2018;contract&#x2019;. Paragraphs B31&#x2013;B40 of           IFRS 3 provide application guidance on the recognition of intangible assets and the           different criteria related to whether they are established on the basis of a contract. The           IFRIC also noted that paragraph IE28 in the illustrative examples accompanying IFRS 3           provides indicators for identifying the existence of a customer relationship between an           entity and its customer and states that a customer relationship &#x2018;may also arise through           means other than contracts, such as through regular contact by sales or service           representatives.&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC concluded that how the relationship is established helps to identify whether a           customer relationship exists but should not be the primary basis for determining whether           the acquirer recognises an intangible asset. The IFRIC noted that the criteria in           paragraph IE28 might be more relevant. The existence of contractual relationships and           information about a customer&#x2019;s prior purchases would be important inputs in valuing a           customer relationship intangible asset but should not determine whether it is           recognised.</p>         <p>In the light of the explicit guidance in IFRS 3, the IFRIC decided that developing an           Interpretation reflecting its conclusion is not possible. Noting widespread confusion in           practice on this issue, the IFRIC decided that it could be best resolved by referring it           to the IASB and the FASB with a recommendation to review and amend IFRS 3 by:</p>         <ol type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p>removing the distinction between &#x2018;contractual&#x2019; and &#x2018;non&#x2011;contractual&#x2019; customer&#x2011;related               intangible assets recognised in a business combination; and</p>           </li><li> <li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p>reviewing the indicators that identify the existence of a customer relationship in               paragraph IE28 of IFRS 3 and including them in the standard.]</p>           </li></ol>       </fn><fn base="IFRS03_B34" id="IFRS03_FN0020">         <p id="IFRS03_P2825">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, January 2013, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph>&#x2014;Continuing           employment&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request for guidance on the accounting in           accordance with <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph> for           contingent payments to selling shareholders in circumstances in which those selling           shareholders become, or continue as, employees. The submitter asked the Interpretations           Committee to clarify whether paragraph B55(a) of IFRS 3 is conclusive in determining that           payments to an employee that are forfeited upon termination of employment are remuneration           for post-combination services and not part of the consideration for an acquisition. The           question arose because the submitter asserted that paragraph B55 introduces subparagraphs           (a)&#x2013;(h) as indicators, but paragraph B55(a) uses conclusive language stating that the           arrangement described is remuneration for post-combination services.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee observed that an arrangement in which contingent payments           are automatically forfeited if employment terminates would lead to a conclusion that the           arrangement is compensation for post-combination services rather than additional           consideration for an acquisition, unless the service condition is not substantive. The           Interpretations Committee reached this conclusion on the basis of the conclusive language           used in paragraph B55(a) of IFRS 3.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee also noted that IFRS 3 is part of the joint effort by the           IASB and the US-based Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) to promote the           convergence of accounting standards. The Interpretations Committee was advised that the           Post-implementation Review of FASB Statement No. 141R Business Combinations is in           progress, and that the opportunity to co-ordinate any work on this issue with the FASB           would arise after the conclusion of the Post-implementation Review of FASB Statement           No. 141R.</p>         <p>Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda           at this time and to revisit this issue after completion of the Post-implementation Review           of FASB Statement No. 141R.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IFRS03_4" id="EDUFN-ad2022-september-ifrs03">                  <p>The Committee received a request about an entity&#x2019;s acquisition of a special purpose           acquisition company (SPAC). The request asked how the entity accounts for warrants on           acquiring the SPAC.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">In the fact pattern the Committee discussed:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the entity acquires a SPAC that has raised cash in an               initial public offering (IPO), obtaining control of the SPAC. The purpose of the               acquisition is for the entity to obtain the cash and the SPAC&#x2019;s listing on a stock               exchange. The SPAC does not meet the definition of a business in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 3</ph>                 <ph outputclass="standard_title"> Business Combinations</ph></ph> and, at the time               of the acquisition, has no assets other than cash. </p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>before the acquisition, the SPAC&#x2019;s ordinary shares are held               by its founder shareholders and public investors. The ordinary shares are determined               to be equity instruments as defined in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph>                 <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>. In               addition to ordinary shares, the SPAC had also issued warrants to both its founder               shareholders and public investors (the SPAC warrants):</p>             <ol type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>i.</li_value><p><i>founder warrants</i> were issued at the SPAC&#x2019;s                   formation as consideration for services the founders provided.</p></li><li><li_value>ii.</li_value><p><i>public warrants</i> were issued to public investors                   with ordinary shares at the time of the IPO.</p></li></ol>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>the entity issues new ordinary shares and new warrants to               the SPAC&#x2019;s founder shareholders and public investors in exchange for the SPAC&#x2019;s               ordinary shares and the legal cancellation of the SPAC warrants. The SPAC becomes a               wholly-owned subsidiary of the entity and the entity replaces the SPAC as the entity               listed on the stock exchange.</p></li><li><li_value>d.</li_value><p>the SPAC&#x2019;s founder shareholders and public investors are not               SPAC employees nor will they provide services to the entity after the             acquisition.</p></li><li><li_value>e.</li_value><p>the fair value of the instruments the entity issues to               acquire the SPAC exceeds the fair value of the SPAC&#x2019;s identifiable net             assets.</p></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif">Which IFRS Accounting Standard applies to the SPAC acquisition?</p>         <p>Paragraph 2(b) of IFRS 3 states that IFRS 3 does not apply to &#x2018;the acquisition of an           asset or a group of assets that does not constitute a business&#x2019;. In such cases, that           paragraph requires the acquirer to &#x2018;identify and recognise the individual identifiable           assets acquired &#x2026; and liabilities assumed&#x2019;.</p>         <p>In the fact pattern discussed, the acquisition of the SPAC is the acquisition of an asset           or a group of assets that does not constitute a business. Therefore, the entity identifies           and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed as part           of the acquisition.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">What are the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities           assumed?</p>         <p>In the fact pattern discussed, the entity acquires the cash held by the SPAC. The entity           also considers whether it assumes the SPAC warrants as part of the acquisition and,           consequently, whether it assumes a liability if those warrants are classified as financial           liabilities.</p>         <p>In assessing whether it assumes the SPAC warrants as part of the acquisition, the entity           considers the specific facts and circumstances of the transaction, including the terms and           conditions of all agreements associated with the acquisition. For example, the entity           considers the legal structure of the transaction and the terms and conditions of the SPAC           warrants and the new warrants the entity issues.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The entity might conclude that the facts and circumstances           are such that it:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p><i>assumes the SPAC warrants as part of the               acquisition</i>&#x2014;in this case, the entity issues ordinary shares to acquire the SPAC               and assumes the SPAC warrants as part of the acquisition. The entity then issues new               warrants to replace the SPAC warrants it has assumed.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p><i>does not assume the SPAC warrants as part of the                 acquisition</i>&#x2014;in this case, the entity issues both ordinary shares and new               warrants to acquire the SPAC and does not assume the SPAC warrants.</p></li></ol>         <div>         <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_ugg_mkx_dvb"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/><tbody><row><entry><p typeface="sansserif"><b>Additional considerations applicable when an entity concludes that it                   assumes the SPAC warrants as part of the acquisition</b></p>                   <p><i>How does the entity account for SPAC warrants assumed as part of the                     acquisition?</i></p>                   <p>In the fact pattern discussed, the SPAC&#x2019;s founder shareholders and public                     investors are not SPAC employees nor will they provide services to the entity                     after the acquisition. Instead, the SPAC's founder shareholders and public                     investors hold the SPAC warrants solely in their capacity as owners of the SPAC.                     Therefore, the entity applies IAS 32 to determine whether the SPAC warrants are                     financial liabilities or equity instruments.</p>                   <p><i>How does the entity account for the replacement of the SPAC                     warrants?</i></p>                   <p>The entity applies IAS 32 and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph>                     <ph outputclass="standard_title"> Financial Instruments</ph></ph> to account                     for the replacement of the SPAC warrants with new warrants.</p>                   <p>However, because the entity negotiated the replacement of the SPAC warrants as                     part of the SPAC acquisition, it determines whether it accounts for any of the                     new warrants it issues as part of that acquisition. No IFRS Accounting Standard                     specifically applies in making this determination. Therefore, the entity applies                     paragraphs 10&#x2013;11 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 8</ph>                       <ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting                         Estimates and Errors</ph></ph> in developing and applying an accounting                     policy that results in information that is relevant and reliable.</p>                 </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>         </div>         <p typeface="sansserif">Does the entity also acquire a stock exchange listing service?</p>         <p>In the fact pattern discussed, the SPAC&#x2019;s stock exchange listing does not meet the           definition of an intangible asset because it is not &#x2018;identifiable&#x2019; as described in           paragraph 12 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               38</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Intangible Assets</ph></ph>. Accordingly, the stock           exchange listing is not an identifiable asset acquired. Nonetheless, the Committee           observed that:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>paragraph 2 of IFRS 2 states that &#x2018;an entity shall apply               this IFRS in accounting for all share-based payment transactions, whether or not the               entity can identify specifically some or all of the goods or services received &#x2026; In               the absence of specifically identifiable goods or services, other circumstances may               indicate that goods or services have been (or will be) received, in which case this               IFRS applies.&#x2019;</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>paragraph 13A of IFRS 2 states that &#x2018;&#x2026; if the identifiable               consideration received (if any) by the entity appears to be less than the fair value               of the equity instruments granted or liability incurred, typically this situation               indicates that other consideration (ie unidentifiable goods or services) has been (or               will be) received by the entity. The entity shall measure the identifiable goods or               services received in accordance with this IFRS. The entity shall measure the               unidentifiable goods or services received (or to be received) as the difference               between the fair value of the share-based payment and the fair value of any               identifiable goods or services received (or to be received).&#x2019;</p></li></ol>         <p>The fair value of the instruments the entity issues to acquire the SPAC exceeds the fair           value of the identifiable net assets acquired. Therefore, the Committee concluded that, in           applying paragraphs 2 and 13A of IFRS 2, the entity:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>receives a stock exchange listing service for which it has               issued equity instruments as part of a share-based payment transaction; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>measures the stock exchange listing service received as the               difference between the fair value of the instruments issued to acquire the SPAC and               the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired.</p></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif">Which IFRS Accounting Standard applies to the instruments           issued?</p>         <p>Depending on the specific facts and circumstances of the transaction, the entity issues           ordinary shares&#x2014;or ordinary shares and new warrants&#x2014;in exchange for acquiring cash, for           acquiring the stock exchange listing service and for assuming any liability related to the           SPAC warrants. The Committee observed that:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>IAS 32 applies to all financial instruments, with some               exceptions. These exceptions include &#x2018;financial instruments, contracts and obligations               under share-based payment transactions to which <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 2</ph>                 <ph outputclass="standard_title">Share-based Payment</ph></ph> applies &#x2026;&#x2019; (paragraph               4 of IAS 32).</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>IFRS 2 applies to &#x2018;share-based payment transactions in which               an entity acquires or receives goods or services. Goods includes inventories,               consumables, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and other non-financial               assets &#x2026;&#x2019; (paragraph 5 of IFRS 2).</p></li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Therefore, the Committee concluded that the entity           applies:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>IFRS 2 in accounting for instruments issued to acquire the               stock exchange listing service; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>IAS 32 in accounting for instruments issued to acquire cash               and assume any liability related to the SPAC warrants&#x2014;these instruments were not               issued to acquire goods or services and are not in the scope of IFRS 2.</p></li></ol>         <div>         <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_2"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/><tbody><row><entry><p typeface="sansserif"><b>Additional considerations applicable if the entity concludes that it                   does not assume the SPAC warrants as part of the acquisition</b></p>                   <p><i>Which types of instrument were issued for the SPAC&#x2019;s net assets and which                     were issued for the service?</i></p>                   <p>If the entity concludes that the facts and circumstances are such that it does                     not assume the SPAC warrants as part of the acquisition, the entity issues both                     ordinary shares and new warrants to acquire cash and a stock exchange listing                     service. In this case, the entity determines to what extent it issued each type                     of instrument to acquire (i) the cash, and (ii) the stock exchange listing                     service. No IFRS Accounting Standard specifically applies to this determination.                     Therefore, the entity applies paragraphs 10&#x2013;11 of IAS 8 in developing and                     applying an accounting policy that results in information that is relevant and                     reliable. </p>                   <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee observed that:</p>                   <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>an entity could allocate the shares and new                       warrants to the acquisition of cash and the stock exchange listing service                       on the basis of the relative fair values of the instruments issued (that is,                       in the same proportion as the fair value of each type of instrument to the                       total fair value of all issued instruments). For example, if 80% of the                       total fair value of the instruments issued comprises ordinary shares, the                       entity could conclude that 80% of the fair value of instruments issued to                       acquire cash also comprises ordinary shares.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>an entity could use other allocation methods if                       they meet the requirements in paragraphs 10&#x2013;11 of IAS 8. However, an                       accounting policy that results in the entity allocating all the new warrants                       issued to the acquisition of the stock exchange listing service solely to                       avoid the new warrants being classified as financial liabilities applying                       IAS 32 would not meet these requirements.</p></li></ol>                 </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>         </div>         <p typeface="sansserif">Conclusion</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Accounting Standards           provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine how to account for warrants on           acquiring a SPAC in the fact pattern the Committee discussed. Consequently, the Committee           decided not to add a standard-setting project to the work plan.</p>       </fn>     </bodydiv></body></topic>