<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS09_IG_E_1_1" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title base="F32868702" id="IFRS09_IG_E_1_1_TI" level="3" class="- topic/title ">E.1.1 Initial measurement: transaction costs</title><body class="- topic/body "><p base="F32868703" id="IFRS09_P5292" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Transaction costs should be included in the initial measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities other than those at fair value through profit or loss. How should this requirement be applied in practice?</b></p><p base="F32868756" id="IFRS09_P5293" class="- topic/p ">For financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs are added to the fair value at initial recognition. For financial liabilities, transaction costs are deducted from the fair value at initial recognition.</p><p base="F32868757" id="IFRS09_P5294" class="- topic/p ">For financial instruments that are measured at amortised cost, transaction costs are subsequently included in the calculation of amortised cost using the effective interest method and, in effect, amortised through profit or loss over the life of the instrument.</p><p base="F32868758" id="IFRS09_P5295" class="- topic/p ">For financial instruments that are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income in accordance with either <xref href="IFRS09_4.1.2A.dita#IFRS09_4_1_2A" base="F43752280" id="IFRS09_X1929" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 4.1.2A</xref> and <xref href="IFRS09_g5.7.10-5.7.11.dita#IFRS09_g5_7_10_5_7_11/IFRS09_g5_7_10_5_7_11_TI" base="F43926859" id="IFRS09_X1930" class="- topic/xref ">5.7.10</xref> or paragraphs <xref href="IFRS09_4.1.4.dita#IFRS09_4_1_4" base="F43752281" id="IFRS09_X1931" class="- topic/xref ">4.1.4</xref> and <xref href="IFRS09_g5.7.5-5.7.6.dita#IFRS09_g5_7_5_5_7_6/IFRS09_g5_7_5_5_7_6_TI" base="F43752342" id="IFRS09_X1932" class="- topic/xref ">5.7.5 of IFRS 9</xref>, transaction costs are recognised in other comprehensive income as part of a change in fair value at the next remeasurement. If the financial asset is measured in accordance with paragraphs <xref href="IFRS09_4.1.2A.dita#IFRS09_4_1_2A" base="F43752282" id="IFRS09_X1933" class="- topic/xref ">4.1.2A</xref> and <xref href="IFRS09_g5.7.10-5.7.11.dita#IFRS09_g5_7_10_5_7_11/IFRS09_g5_7_10_5_7_11_TI" base="F43752343" id="IFRS09_X1934" class="- topic/xref ">5.7.10 of IFRS 9</xref>, those transaction costs are amortised to profit or loss using the effective interest method and, in effect, amortised through profit or loss over the life of the instrument.</p><p base="F32868759" id="IFRS09_P5296" class="- topic/p ">Transaction costs expected to be incurred on transfer or disposal of a financial instrument are not included in the measurement of the financial instrument.</p></body></topic>