<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS09_footnotes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "> <fn base="IFRS09_6.8.2" id="IFRS09_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p class="- topic/p ">The report, 'Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks', is available at <xref href="http://www.fsb.org/wp-content/uploads/r_140722.pdf" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">http://www.fsb.org/wp-content/uploads/r_140722.pdf</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0015" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7768" class="- topic/p ">In accordance with paragraph 7.2.21, an entity may choose as its accounting policy to continue to apply the hedge accounting requirements in IAS 39 instead of the requirements in Chapter 6 of this Standard. If an entity has made this election, the references in this Standard to particular hedge accounting requirements in Chapter 6 are not relevant. Instead the entity applies the relevant hedge accounting requirements in IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0020" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7786" class="- topic/p ">This term (as defined in IFRS 7) is used in the requirements for presenting the effects of changes in credit risk on liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss (see paragraph 5.7.7).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0028" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7812" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 3 addresses the acquisition of contracts with embedded derivatives in a business combination.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0030" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7814" class="- topic/p ">In this Standard monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units’ (CU) and ‘foreign currency units’ (FC).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0032" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7820" class="- topic/p ">In this guidance monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units’ (CU).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0033" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7821" class="- topic/p ">This reflects a shift in LIBOR from 5 per cent to 4.75 per cent and a movement of 0.15 per cent which, in the absence of other relevant changes in market conditions, is assumed to reflect changes in credit risk of the instrument.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0034" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7822" class="- topic/p ">CU150,000 × 8% = CU12,000.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0035" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7823" class="- topic/p ">PV = [CU12,000 × (1 – (1 + 0.0775)<sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">-9</sup>)/0.0775] + CU150,000 × (1 + 0.0775)<sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">-9</sup>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0036" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7824" class="- topic/p ">market price = [CU12,000 × (1 – (1 + 0.076)<sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">-9</sup>)/0.076] + CU150,000 × (1 + 0.076)<sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">-9</sup>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0037" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7825" class="- topic/p ">The security on the loan affects the loss that would be realised if a default occurs, but does not affect the risk of a default occurring, so it is not considered when determining whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition as required by paragraph 5.5.3 of IFRS 9.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0038" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7826" class="- topic/p ">Except for those mortgages that are determined to have significantly increased in credit risk based on an individual assessment, such as those that are more than 30 days past due. Lifetime expected credit losses would also be recognised on those mortgages.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0039" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7827" class="- topic/p ">Except for those mortgages that are determined to have significantly increased in credit risk based on an individual assessment, such as those that are more than 30 days past due. Lifetime expected credit losses would also be recognised on those mortgages.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0040" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7828" class="- topic/p ">Thus for simplicity of illustration it is assumed there is no amortisation of the loan.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0041" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7829" class="- topic/p ">Because the LGD represents a percentage of the present value of the gross carrying amount, this example does not illustrate the time value of money.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0042" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7830" class="- topic/p ">In accordance with paragraph 5.5.17(b) expected credit losses should be discounted using the effective interest rate. However, for purposes of this example, the present value of the observed loss is assumed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0043" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7831" class="- topic/p ">FVOCI means fair value through other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0044" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7832" class="- topic/p ">The cumulative loss in other comprehensive income at the reporting date was CU20. That amount consists of the total fair value change of CU50 (ie CU1,000 – CU950) offset by the change in the accumulated impairment amount representing 12-month expected credit losses that was recognised (CU30).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0045" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7833" class="- topic/p ">This example assumes that all qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are met (see paragraph 6.4.1 of IFRS 9). The following description of the designation is solely for the purpose of understanding this example (ie it is not an example of the complete formal documentation required in accordance with paragraph 6.4.1 of IFRS 9).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0046" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7834" class="- topic/p ">In case of items measured in the functional currency of an entity the journal entry recognising expected credit losses will usually be made at the reporting date.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0047" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7835" class="- topic/p ">For the purposes of simplicity the example ignores the impact of discounting when computing expected credit losses.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0048" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7836" class="- topic/p ">For simplicity this example assumes that credit risk does not dominate the fair value hedge relationship.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0049" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7837" class="- topic/p ">This amount consists of the changes in fair value of the bond, the accumulated impairment amount and the changes in foreign exchange rates recognised in other comprehensive income (LC2,572 + LC1,200 + LC43 + LC10,625 – LC4,602 – LC11,205 = -LC1,367, which is recycled as a loss in profit or loss).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0050" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7838" class="- topic/p ">For simplicity, the amount related to impairment is not shown separately. If it had been, this journal entry (ie DR CU4,000) would be split into the following two entries: DR Other comprehensive income CU10,000 (fair value changes) and CR other comprehensive income CU6,000 (accumulated impairment amount).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0051" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7839" class="- topic/p ">The cumulative loss in other comprehensive income at the reclassification date was CU4,000. That amount consists of the total fair value change of CU10,000 (ie CU500,000 – 490,000) offset by the accumulated impairment amount recognised (CU6,000) while the assets were measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0052" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7840" class="- topic/p ">The cumulative loss in other comprehensive income at the reclassification date was CU4,000. That amount consists of the total fair value change of CU10,000 (ie CU500,000 – 490,000) offset by the loss allowance that was recognised (CU6,000) while the assets were measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0053" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7841" class="- topic/p ">For the purpose of this example it is assumed that the hedged risk is not designated based on a benchmark coffee price risk component. Consequently, the entire coffee price risk is hedged.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0054" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7842" class="- topic/p ">This example assumes that all qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are met (see <xref href="IFRS09_g6.4.1-6.4.1.dita#IFRS09_g6_4_1_6_4_1/IFRS09_g6_4_1_6_4_1_TI" base="F43661243" id="IFRS09_X3388" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 6.4.1 of IFRS 9</xref>). The following description of the designation is solely for the purpose of understanding this example (ie it is not an example of the complete formal documentation required in accordance with IFRS 9.6.4.1(b)).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0055" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7843" class="- topic/p ">In this example, the current basis spread at the time of designation is coincidentally the same as Entity A’s long-term view of the basis spread (‑5 per cent) that determines the volume of coffee purchases that it actually hedges. Also, this example assumes that Entity A designates the hedging instrument in its entirety and designates as much of its highly probable forecast purchases as it regards as hedged. That results in a hedge ratio of 1/(100%‑5%). Other entities might follow different approaches when determining what volume of their exposure they actually hedge, which can result in a different hedge ratio and also designating less than a hedging instrument in its entirety (see <xref href="IFRS09_g6.4.1-6.4.1.dita#IFRS09_g6_4_1_6_4_1/IFRS09_g6_4_1_6_4_1_TI" base="F43661246" id="IFRS09_X3389" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 6.4.1 of IFRS 9</xref>).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0056" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7844" class="- topic/p ">In the following table for the calculations all amounts (including the calculations for accounting purposes of amounts for assets, liabilities, equity and profit or loss) are in the format of positive (plus) and negative (minus) numbers (eg a profit or loss amount that is a negative number is a loss).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0057" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7845" class="- topic/p ">For example, at the end of Period 3 the aggregated FX exposure is determined as: 118,421 lbs × 1.34 FC/lb = FC159,182 for the expected price of the actual coffee purchase and 112,500 lbs × (1.25 [FC/lb] - 1.43 [FC/lb]) = FC(20,250) for the expected price differential under the commodity forward contract, which gives a total of FC138,932—the volume of the aggregated FX exposure at the end of Period 3.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0058" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7846" class="- topic/p ">For example, at the end of Period 3 the present value of the hedged item is determined as the volume of the aggregated exposure at the end of Period 3 (FC138,932) multiplied by the difference between the forward FX rate at the end of Period 3 (1/1.4058) and the forward FX rate and the time of designation (ie the end of Period 2: 1/1.3220) and then discounted using the interest rate (in LC) at the end of Period 3 with a term of 2 periods (ie until the end of Period 5 – 0.46%). The calculation is: FC138,932 × (1/(1.4058[FC/LC]) - 1/(1.3220 [FC/LC]))/(1 + 0.46%) = LC6,237.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0059" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7847" class="- topic/p ">The line items used in this example are a possible presentation. Different presentation formats using different line items (including line items that include the amounts shown here) are also possible (<xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" base="F43661248" id="IFRS09_X3390" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 7</xref> sets out disclosure requirements for hedge accounting that include disclosures about hedge ineffectiveness, the carrying amount of hedging instruments and the cash flow hedge reserve).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0060" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7848" class="- topic/p ">‘CFHR’ is the cash flow hedge reserve, ie the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income for a cash flow hedge.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0061" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7849" class="- topic/p ">An entity may have a different risk management strategy whereby it seeks to obtain a fixed rate exposure that is not a single blended rate but a series of forward rates that are each fixed for the respective individual interest period. For such a strategy the hedge effectiveness is measured based on the difference between the forward rates that existed at the start of the hedging relationship and the forward rates that exist at the effectiveness measurement date for the individual interest periods. For such a strategy a series of forward contracts corresponding with the individual interest periods would be more effective than an interest rate swap (that has a fixed payment leg with a single blended fixed rate).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0062" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7850" class="- topic/p ">This example assumes that all qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are met (see <xref href="IFRS09_g6.4.1-6.4.1.dita" id="IFRS09_X3391" scope="local" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 6.4.1 of IFRS 9</xref>). The following description of the designation is solely for the purpose of understanding this example (ie it is not an example of the complete formal documentation required in accordance with <xref href="IFRS09_g6.4.1-6.4.1.dita#IFRS09_g6_4_1_6_4_1/IFRS09_g6_4_1_6_4_1_TI" base="F43661251" id="IFRS09_X3392" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 6.4.1(b) of IFRS 9</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0063" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7851" class="- topic/p ">Tables in this example use the following acronyms: ‘CCIRS’ for cross-currency interest rate swap, ‘CF(s)’ for cash flow(s), ‘CFH’ for cash flow hedge, ‘CFHR’ for cash flow hedge reserve, ‘FVH’ for fair value hedge, ‘IRS’ for interest rate swap and ‘PV’ for present value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0064" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7852" class="- topic/p ">In the following table for the calculations all amounts (including the calculations for accounting purposes of amounts for assets, liabilities and equity) are in the format of positive (plus) and negative (minus) numbers (eg an amount in the cash flow hedge reserve that is in brackets is a loss).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0065" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7853" class="- topic/p ">For a situation such as in this example, hedge ineffectiveness can result from various factors, for example credit risk, differences in the day count method or, depending on whether it is included in the designation of the hedging instrument, the charge for exchanging different currencies that is included in cross-currency interest rate swaps (commonly referred to as the ‘currency basis’).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0066" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7854" class="- topic/p ">This is the amount that is included in the table with the overview of the calculations (see paragraph IE132) as the present value of the cash flow variability of the aggregated exposure at the end of Period 2.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0067" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7855" class="- topic/p ">The line items used in this example are a possible presentation. Different presentation formats using different line items (including line items that include the amounts shown here) are also possible (IFRS 7 sets out disclosure requirements for hedge accounting that include disclosures about hedge ineffectiveness, the carrying amount of hedging instruments and the cash flow hedge reserve).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0068" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7856" class="- topic/p ">For Period 4 the values in the table with the overview of the calculations (see paragraph IE132) differ from those in the following table. For Periods 1 to 3 the ‘dirty’ values (ie including interest accruals) equal the ‘clean’ values (ie excluding interest accruals) because the period end is a settlement date for all legs of the derivatives and the fixed rate FX liability. At the end of Period 4 the table with the overview of the calculations uses clean values in order to calculate the value changes consistently over time. For the following table the dirty values are presented, ie the maturity amounts including accrued interest immediately before the instruments are settled (this is for illustrative purposes as otherwise all carrying amounts other than cash and retained earnings would be nil).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0069" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7857" class="- topic/p ">In other words, the cash flow variability of the interest rate swap was lower than, and therefore did not fully offset, the cash flow variability of the aggregated exposure as a whole (sometimes called an ‘underhedge’ situation). In those situations the cash flow hedge does not contribute to the hedge ineffectiveness that is recognised in profit or loss because the hedge ineffectiveness is not recognised (see paragraph 6.5.11 of IFRS 9). The hedge ineffectiveness arising on the fair value hedge affects profit or loss in all periods.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0070" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7858" class="- topic/p ">In other words, the cash flow variability of the interest rate swap was higher than, and therefore more than fully offset, the cash flow variability of the aggregated exposure as a whole (sometimes called an ‘overhedge’ situation). In those situations the cash flow hedge contributes to the hedge ineffectiveness that is recognised in profit or loss (see paragraph 6.5.11 of IFRS 9). The hedge ineffectiveness arising on the fair value hedge affects profit or loss in all periods.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0071" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7859" class="- topic/p ">This example assumes that all qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are met (see paragraph 6.4.1 of IFRS 9). The following description of the designation is solely for the purpose of understanding this example (ie it is not an example of the complete formal documentation required in accordance with paragraph 6.4.1(b) of IFRS 9).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0072" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7860" class="- topic/p ">Tables in this example use the following acronyms: ‘CCIRS’ for cross-currency interest rate swap, ‘CF(s)’ for cash flow(s), ‘CFH’ for cash flow hedge, ‘CFHR’ for cash flow hedge reserve, ‘FVH’ for fair value hedge, ‘IRS’ for interest rate swap and ‘PV’ for present value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0073" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7861" class="- topic/p ">In the following table for the calculations all amounts (including the calculations for accounting purposes of amounts for assets, liabilities and equity) are in the format of positive (plus) and negative (minus) numbers (eg an amount in the cash flow hedge reserve that is a negative number is a loss).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0074" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7862" class="- topic/p ">Those assumptions have been made for didactical reasons, in order to better focus on illustrating the accounting mechanics in a cash flow hedge/fair value hedge combination. The measurement and recognition of hedge ineffectiveness has already been demonstrated in Example 16 and Example 17. However, in reality such hedges are typically not perfectly effective because hedge ineffectiveness can result from various factors, for example credit risk, differences in the day count method or, depending on whether it is included in the designation of the hedging instrument, the charge for exchanging different currencies that is included in cross-currency interest rate swaps (commonly referred to as the ‘currency basis’).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0075" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7863" class="- topic/p ">As a consequence of hedging its exposure to cash flow interest rate risk by entering into the cross‑currency interest rate swap that changed the cash flow interest rate risk of the variable rate FX liability into a fixed rate exposure (in LC), Entity C in effect assumed an exposure to fair value interest rate risk (see paragraph IE139).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0076" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7864" class="- topic/p ">In the table with the overview of the calculations (see paragraph IE142) this reclassification adjustment is the line item “Reclassification for interest rate risk” in the reconciliation of the cash flow hedge reserve (eg at the end of Period 2 a reclassification of a gain of LC82,656 from the cash flow hedge reserve to profit or loss—see paragraph IE144 for how that amount is calculated).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0077" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7865" class="- topic/p ">In the table with the overview of the calculations (see <xref href="IFRS09_IE142.dita#IFRS09_IE142" base="F43661437" id="IFRS09_X3393" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph IE142</xref>) this amortisation results in a periodic reclassification adjustment of LC14,103 that is included in the line item “Amortisation of CFHR” in the reconciliation of the cash flow hedge reserve.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0078" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7866" class="- topic/p ">In this example no hedge ineffectiveness arises on either hedging relationship because of the assumptions made (see <xref href="IFRS09_IE142.dita#IFRS09_IE142" base="F43661438" id="IFRS09_X3394" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph IE142</xref>). Consequently, the absolute values of the variable rate FX liability and the FC denominated leg of the cross-currency interest rate are equal (but with opposite signs). In situations in which hedge ineffectiveness arises, those absolute values would not be equal so that the remaining net amount would affect the present value of the aggregated exposure.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0079" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7867" class="- topic/p ">This is the amount that is included in the table with the overview of the calculations (see <xref href="IFRS09_IE142.dita#IFRS09_IE142" base="F43661439" id="IFRS09_X3395" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph IE142</xref>) as the change in present value of the aggregated exposure at the end of Period 2.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0080" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7868" class="- topic/p ">The line items used in this example are a possible presentation. Different presentation formats using different line items (including line items that include the amounts shown here) are also possible (<xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" base="F70980300" id="IFRS09_X3396" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 7</xref> sets out disclosure requirements for hedge accounting that include disclosures about hedge ineffectiveness, the carrying amount of hedging instruments and the cash flow hedge reserve).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0081" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7869" class="- topic/p ">For Period 4 the values in the table with the overview of the calculations (see <xref href="IFRS09_IE142.dita#IFRS09_IE142" base="F43661441" id="IFRS09_X3397" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph IE142</xref>) differ from those in the following table. For Periods 1 to 3 the ‘dirty’ values (ie including interest accruals) equal the ‘clean’ values (ie excluding interest accruals) because the period end is a settlement date for all legs of the derivatives and the fixed rate FX liability. At the end of Period 4 the table with the overview of the calculations uses clean values in order to calculate the value changes consistently over time. For the following table the dirty values are presented, ie the maturity amounts including accrued interest immediately before the instruments are settled (this is for illustrative purposes as otherwise all carrying amounts other than cash and retained earnings would be nil).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0082" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7870" class="- topic/p ">See <xref href="IFRS09_IE143.dita#IFRS09_IE143" base="F43661442" id="IFRS09_X3398" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph IE143(b)</xref>. That amortisation becomes an expense that has an effect like a spread on the variable interest rate.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0083" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7871" class="- topic/p ">In this guidance, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units’ (CU).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0085" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7877" class="- topic/p ">The objective of this example is to illustrate the separation of the currency component for a financial asset that is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income in accordance with <xref href="IFRS09_4.1.2A.dita#IFRS09_4_1_2A" base="F43752285" id="IFRS09_X3399" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 4.1.2A of IFRS 9</xref>. Consequently, for simplicity, this example does not reflect the effect of the impairment requirements in <xref href="IFRS09_g5.5.1-5.5.20.dita#IFRS09_g5_5_1_5_5_20/IFRS09_g5_5_1_5_5_20_TI" base="F43752436" id="IFRS09_X3400" class="- topic/xref ">Section 5.5 of IFRS 9</xref>.</p>       </fn></bodydiv><bodydiv base="BC" class="- topic/bodydiv ">      <fn id="IFRS09_FN0086" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7878" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 eliminated the category of loans and receivables.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0087" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7879" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 15</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph>, issued in May 2014, replaced IAS 18.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0088" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7880" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 15, issued in May 2014, replaced IAS 18.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0089" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7881" class="- topic/p ">The Board completed its insurance project with the issuance of IFRS 17. IFRS 17, issued in May 2017, replaced IFRS 4. IFRS 17 did not change the scope requirements relating to financial guarantee contracts.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0090" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7882" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 15, issued in May 2014, replaced IAS 18.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0091" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7883" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001/IFRS15_TOC0001_V2" base="F71849123" id="IFRS09_X3401" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 15</xref>, issued in May 2014, replaced IAS 18.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0092" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7884" class="- topic/p ">In October 2012 the IASB issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001/IFRS10_TOC0001_V3" base="F71849245" id="IFRS09_X3402" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10</xref>, <xref href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_TOC.dita#IFRS12_TOC0001/IFRS12_TOC0001_V3" base="F71849246" id="IFRS09_X3403" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 12</xref> and <xref href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001/IAS27_TOC0001_V3" base="F71849247" id="IFRS09_X3404" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 27</xref>), which amended paragraph 2(g) of IAS 39 (now <xref href="IFRS09_g2.1-2.7.dita#IFRS09_g2_1_2_7/IFRS09_g2_1_2_7_TI" base="F71919201" id="IFRS09_X3405" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 2.1(f) of IFRS 9</xref>) to clarify that the exception should only apply to forward contracts that result in a business combination within the scope of <xref href="../ifrs03/IFRS03_TOC.dita#IFRS03_TOC0001/IFRS03_TOC0001_V2" base="F71849248" id="IFRS09_X3406" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0093" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7885" class="- topic/p ">In this Basis for Conclusions, the phrase ‘the original <xref href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" base="F71849320" id="IFRS09_X3407" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 39</xref>’ refers to the Standard issued by the IASB’s predecessor body, the International Accounting Standards Committee (IASC) in 1999 and revised in 2000.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0094" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7886" class="- topic/p ">In this Basis for Conclusions, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0095" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7887" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidation—Special Purpose Entities</ph></ph> was withdrawn and superseded by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001/IFRS10_TOC0001_V3" base="F71849441" id="IFRS09_X3408" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 10</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. There is no longer specific accounting guidance for special purpose entities because IFRS 10 applies to all types of entities.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0096" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7888" class="- topic/p ">References to the Framework are to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <xref href="../cf2010/CF2010_TOC0001.dita" id="IFRS09_X3409" scope="local" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0097" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7889" class="- topic/p ">References to the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Framework</i> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001 and in effect when parts of the Standard were developed and revised.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0098" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7890" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001/IFRS13_TOC0001_V2" base="F71849572" id="IFRS09_X3410" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value and contains requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements. IFRS 13 contains a three-level fair value hierarchy for the inputs used in valuation techniques to measure fair value and for the related disclosures. As a consequence paragraph 27A of IFRS 7 has been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0099" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7891" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001/IFRS13_TOC0001_V2" base="F71849573" id="IFRS09_X3411" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13</xref>, issued in May 2011, requires disclosures about fair value measurements. As a consequence paragraph 27B(c) and (d) of IFRS 7 has been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0100" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7892" class="- topic/p ">In 2017 the IASB discussed the accounting for a modification or exchange of a financial liability measured at amortised cost that does not result in derecognition of the financial liability. See paragraphs BC4.252–BC4.253.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0101" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7893" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001/IFRS13_TOC0001_V2" base="F71849845" id="IFRS09_X3412" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13</xref>, issued in May 2011, defines a Level 1 input as a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IFRS 9 refers to such equity instruments as ‘an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0102" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7894" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 eliminated the loans and receivables and available-for-sale categories.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0103" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7895" class="- topic/p ">As a consequence of the revision of <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F71849929" id="IFRS09_X3413" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> in 2007 these other gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0104" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7896" class="- topic/p ">Hybrid contracts with a host that is an asset within the scope of IFRS 9 are now classified and measured in their entirety in accordance with section 4.1 of that IFRS.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0105" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7897" class="- topic/p ">In May 2011, the IASB amended <xref href="../ias28/IAS28_TOC.dita#IAS28_TOC0001" base="F71850354" id="IFRS09_X3414" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 28</xref> and changed its title to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0106" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7898" class="- topic/p ">The requirements issued in IFRS 9 (2009) permitted an entity to make an irrevocable election at initial recognition to present fair value gains and losses on particular investments in equity instruments in other comprehensive income. That election is discussed in paragraph 5.7.5 of IFRS 9 and was outside of the scope of the 2012 Limited Amendments Exposure Draft.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0107" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7899" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>, issued in May 2017, replaced IFRS 4 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0108" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7900" class="- topic/p ">As noted previously, IFRS 9 (as issued in 2009) permitted an entity to make an irrevocable election at initial recognition to present fair value gains and losses on particular investments in equity instruments in other comprehensive income. That election is discussed in <xref href="IFRS09_g5.7.5-5.7.6.dita#IFRS09_g5_7_5_5_7_6/IFRS09_g5_7_5_5_7_6_TI" base="F71850567" id="IFRS09_X3415" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 5.7.5 of IFRS 9</xref> and was outside of the scope of the 2012 Limited Amendments Exposure Draft.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0109" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7901" class="- topic/p ">In this section, the discussion about amortised cost information is relevant to both financial assets in the amortised cost measurement category and financial assets in the fair value through other comprehensive income measurement category. That is because, for the latter, the assets are measured at fair value in the statement of financial position and amortised cost information is provided in profit or loss.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0110" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7902" class="- topic/p ">Unless the financial asset is a trade receivable that does not have a significant financing component (determined in accordance with <xref href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001/IFRS15_TOC0001_V2" base="F71850719" id="IFRS09_X3416" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 15</xref>). Such a trade receivable is measured at initial recognition in accordance with <xref href="IFRS09_5.1.3.dita#IFRS09_5_1_3" base="F71850718" id="IFRS09_X3417" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 5.1.3 in IFRS 9</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0111" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7903" class="- topic/p ">In this section, the discussion about amortised cost measurement is relevant to both financial assets in the amortised cost measurement category and financial assets in the fair value through other comprehensive income measurement category. That is because, for the latter, the assets are measured at fair value in the statement of financial position and amortised cost information is provided in profit or loss. A financial asset is measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income only if both conditions in paragraph 4.1.2 or paragraph 4.1.2A of IFRS 9, respectively, are met. The amendments discussed in this section address only the condition in paragraphs 4.1.2(b) and 4.1.2A(b). Accordingly, this section does not discuss the conditions in paragraphs 4.1.2(a) and 4.1.2A(a) relating to the business model but instead assumes that the asset is held in the relevant business model.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0112" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7904" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001/IFRS13_TOC0001_V2" base="F71850861" id="IFRS09_X3418" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13</xref>, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a consequence <xref href="IFRS09_sg5.4.1-5.4.4.dita#IFRS09_sg5_4_1_5_4_4/IFRS09_sg5_4_1_5_4_4_TI" base="F71850858" id="IFRS09_X3419" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 5.4.1–5.4.3</xref> and <xref href="IFRS09_gB5.4.1-B5.4.9.dita#IFRS09_gB5_4_1_B5_4_9/IFRS09_gB5_4_1_B5_4_9_TI" base="F71850857" id="IFRS09_X3420" class="- topic/xref ">B5.4.1–B5.4.13 of IFRS 9</xref> have been deleted. <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2010–2012 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in December 2013, added <xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_gBC138A-BC138A_V1.dita" id="IFRS09_X3421" scope="local" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph BC138A</xref> to the Basis for Conclusions on IFRS 13 to clarify the IASB’s reason for deleting paragraph B5.4.12.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0113" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7905" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001/IFRS13_TOC0001_V2" base="F71850897" id="IFRS09_X3422" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13</xref>, issued in May 2011, states that a fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell an asset or to transfer a liability takes place in the principal market, or in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0114" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7906" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001/IFRS13_TOC0001_V2" base="F71850898" id="IFRS09_X3423" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13</xref>, issued in May 2011, states that fair value is measured using the price within the bid-ask spread that is most representative of fair value in the circumstances.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0115" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7907" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001/IFRS13_TOC0001_V2" base="F71850899" id="IFRS09_X3424" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13</xref>, issued in May 2011, permits an exception to the fair value measurement requirements when an entity manages its financial assets and financial liabilities on the basis of the entity’s net exposure to market risks or the credit risk of a particular counterparty, allowing the entity to measure the fair value of its financial instruments on the basis of the entity’s net exposure to either of those risks.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0116" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7908" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001/IFRS13_TOC0001_V2" base="F71850900" id="IFRS09_X3425" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13</xref>, issued in May 2011, contains a three-level fair value hierarchy for the inputs used in the valuation techniques used to measure fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0117" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7909" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001/IFRS13_TOC0001_V2" base="F71850901" id="IFRS09_X3426" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13</xref>, issued in May 2011, describes when a transaction price might not represent the fair value of an asset or a liability at initial recognition.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0118" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7910" class="- topic/p ">FASB Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 157 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurements</ph></ph> (SFAS 157) superseded EITF Issue No. 02‑3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Issues Involved in Accounting for Derivative Contracts Held for Trading Purposes and Involved in Energy Trading and Risk Management Activities</ph></ph> (Topic 820 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph> in the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FASB Accounting Standards Codification®</i> codified SFAS 157). As a result, IFRS and US GAAP have different requirements for when an entity may recognise a gain or loss when there is a difference between fair value and the transaction price at initial recognition.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0119" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7911" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001/IFRS13_TOC0001_V2" base="F71850902" id="IFRS09_X3427" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13</xref>, issued in May 2011, resulted in the relocation of paragraphs BCZ5.11 and BCZ5.12 of IFRS 9 to <xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_BCZ102.dita#IFRS13_BCZ102" base="F71850905" id="IFRS09_X3428" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BCZ102</xref> and <xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_BCZ103.dita#IFRS13_BCZ103" base="F71850904" id="IFRS09_X3429" class="- topic/xref ">BCZ103 of IFRS 13</xref>. As a consequence minor necessary edits have been made to that material.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0120" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7912" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001/IFRS13_TOC0001_V2" base="F71850940" id="IFRS09_X3430" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13</xref>, issued in May 2011, defines a Level 1 input as a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IFRS 9 refers to such equity instruments as ‘an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0121" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7913" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001/IFRS13_TOC0001_V2" base="F71850968" id="IFRS09_X3431" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13</xref>, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0122" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7914" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001/IFRS13_TOC0001_V2" base="F71850969" id="IFRS09_X3432" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 13</xref>, issued in May 2011, defines a Level 1 input as a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IFRS 9 refers to such equity instruments as ‘an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0123" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7915" class="- topic/p ">In October 2012 the IASB issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001/IFRS10_TOC0001_V3" base="F71851072" id="IFRS09_X3433" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10</xref>, <xref href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_TOC.dita#IFRS12_TOC0001/IFRS12_TOC0001_V3" base="F71851074" id="IFRS09_X3434" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 12</xref> and <xref href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001/IAS27_TOC0001_V3" base="F71851075" id="IFRS09_X3435" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 27</xref>), which required investment entities, as defined in <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001/IFRS10_TOC0001_V3" base="F71851073" id="IFRS09_X3436" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 10</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref>, to measure their investments in subsidiaries, other than those providing investment-related services or activities, at fair value through profit or loss.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0124" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7916" class="- topic/p ">The Board completed its insurance project with the issuance of IFRS 17. IFRS 17, issued in May 2017, replaced IFRS 4. IFRS 17 did not change the scope requirements relating to financial guarantee contracts.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0125" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7917" class="- topic/p ">The IASB did not change this approach to determining the effective interest rate for financial instruments (other than those that are purchased or originated credit impaired) when changing from an incurred loss in <xref href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001/IAS39_TOC0001_V3" base="F71854818" id="IFRS09_X3437" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 39</xref> to an expected credit loss impairment model. This was because the decoupled approach in IFRS 9 considers the recognition of interest revenue and the recognition of expected credit losses separately.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0126" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7918" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001/IFRS15_TOC0001_V2" base="F71854853" id="IFRS09_X3438" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 15</xref>, issued in May 2014, replaced IAS 18. See <xref href="IFRS09_gB5.4.1-B5.4.9.dita#IFRS09_gB5_4_1_B5_4_9/IFRS09_gB5_4_1_B5_4_9_TI" base="F71854852" id="IFRS09_X3439" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs B5.4.1–B5.4.3 of IFRS 9</xref> for the requirements for fees that are an integral part of the effective interest rate.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0127" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7919" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>, issued in 2010 and in effect when parts of the Standard were developed and amended.</p>       </fn>   <fn id="IFRS09_FN0128" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7920" class="- topic/p ">In 2017 the IASB discussed the accounting for a modification or exchange of a financial liability measured at amortised cost that does not result in derecognition of the financial liability. See paragraphs BC4.252–BC4.253.</p>       </fn>   <fn id="IFRS09_BC5_304_FN0001" base="IFRS2020-5" class="- topic/fn "><p class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS09_B5.4.6.dita" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph B5.4.6</xref> does not apply to changes in estimates of expected credit losses.</p></fn>   <fn id="IFRS09_FN0129" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7921" class="- topic/p ">In this context, the term ‘novation’ indicates that the parties to a derivative agree that one or more clearly counterparties replace their original counterparty to each of the parties. For this purpose, a clearing counterparty is a central counterparty or an entity or entities, for example, a clearing member of a clearing organisation or a client of a clearing member of a clearing organisation, that are acting as counterparty in order to effect clearing by a central counterparty.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0130" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7922" class="- topic/p ">The references in the Basis for Conclusions of this Standard are to the relevant requirements of IFRS 9. The Basis for Conclusions of the equivalent amendments to IAS 39 referred to the relevant requirements in that Standard (which were equivalent).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0131" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7923" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines a Level 1 input as a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result, IFRS 9 refers to such equity instruments as ‘an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0132" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7924" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>, issued in May 2017, replaced IFRS 4 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0133" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7925" class="- topic/p ">In 2018 the IASB issued a revised <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0134" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7926" class="- topic/p ">The fair value through other comprehensive income measurement category is available only for debt instruments. It is different from the presentation election set out in <xref href="IFRS09_g5.7.5-5.7.6.dita#IFRS09_g5_7_5_5_7_6/IFRS09_g5_7_5_5_7_6_TI" base="F71918576" id="IFRS09_X3440" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 5.7.5 of IFRS 9</xref> that permits an entity to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair value of particular investments in equity instruments.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0135" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7927" class="- topic/p ">This applies unless that treatment would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss, in which case all changes in fair value are presented in profit or loss.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0136" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7928" class="- topic/p ">However, entities have an accounting policy choice between applying the new hedge accounting requirements of IFRS 9 and retaining the existing requirements in IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0137" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7929" class="- topic/p ">Sales do not contradict the hold to collect business model if they are in response to the increase in the instrument’s credit risk.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0138" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7930" class="- topic/p ">Footnote 10 of Basel III: A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems (‘Basel III’), published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, states ‘that ‘[t]here is no adjustment applied to remove from Common Equity Tier 1 unrealised gains or losses recognised on the balance sheet [the ‘regulatory filter’] ... The Committee will continue to review the appropriate treatment of unrealised gains, taking into account the evolution of the accounting framework.’ In contrast, Basel II did contain a regulatory filter.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0139" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7931" class="- topic/p ">Purchased credit-impaired assets will not have a 12-month allowance at inception. Instead, the effective interest rate will be adjusted to reflect initial loss expectations and then a loss allowance will be established for all changes in lifetime expected credit losses. Also lifetime expected credit losses are always recognised on trade receivables that do not have a significant financing element and instead of measuring 12‑month expected credit losses on assets that have not significantly increased in credit risk, lifetime expected credit losses may be recognised at all times on other trade receivables, lease receivables and contract assets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0140" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7932" class="- topic/p ">The man-hours invested during fieldwork were between 200–250 for smaller businesses, 400–450 for larger businesses and 500–550 for a few participants. The IASB staff invested approximately 400 man-hours, which involved the development of the fieldwork, meetings with participants and portfolio analysis.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0141" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7933" class="- topic/p ">The portfolios excluded derivatives and financial guarantee contracts to make the calculations easier and to help participants meet the short deadline of the fieldwork.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0142" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7934" class="- topic/p ">Participants were provided a series of economic information so their proxy forecasting was more accurate than it would be in reality. Although this assessment has imperfections, it nevertheless provided an estimate of the responsiveness of the impairment model.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0143" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7935" class="- topic/p ">The difference in percentages reflect the extreme effects of differences in expected lives between jurisdictions.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0144" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7936" class="- topic/p ">This is reflective of the results of the majority of participants in the fieldwork. Excluded from the results, were the responses from participants based on:</p>       <p id="IFRS09_P7937" class="- topic/p ">(a) qualitative feedback due to timing requirements of the fieldwork; or</p>       <p id="IFRS09_P7938" class="- topic/p ">(b) the simplified approach (ie measured lifetime expected credit losses on all financial assets) or an absolute approach (for example, when lifetime expected credit losses were recognised on all financial assets of higher credit risk irrespective of whether the credit risk had increased significantly since initial recognition).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0145" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7939" class="- topic/p ">Almost all participants in the fieldwork considered the proposal to measure interest revenue on the net basis for financial assets that are credit‑impaired operable, because it is consistent with the current requirements in IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0146" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7940" class="- topic/p ">Some of the participants in the fieldwork confirmed that this is a more practical way to implement the assessment of significant increases in credit risk for financial instruments, thus making the impairment model more operational.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0147" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7941" class="- topic/p ">During the fieldwork, some participants were initially concerned that the assessment of significant increases in credit risk is not based on changes in the counterparty’s credit risk. However, over the course of the fieldwork, a number of those participants found ways to deal with the difference between the change in the counterparty credit risk and the change in the credit risk of the instrument since origination and stated this to be no longer an area of concern.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0148" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7942" class="- topic/p ">The non-financial institutions that participated in the fieldwork supported the accounting policy election for lease receivables. They applied the simplified approach because:</p>       <p id="IFRS09_P7943" class="- topic/p ">(a) the assets in the portfolio were short term in nature; and</p>       <p id="IFRS09_P7944" class="- topic/p ">(b) the simplified approach fitted better into their current credit risk systems, which were not sophisticated systems.</p>       <p id="IFRS09_P7945" class="- topic/p ">The majority of the respondents to the 2013 Impairment Exposure Draft also supported the accounting policy election for lease and trade receivables.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0149" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7946" class="- topic/p ">See paragraph 6.1.1 of IFRS 9.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0150" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7947" class="- topic/p ">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> is to IASC's <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0151" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7948" class="- topic/p ">The reference to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> is to the IASC's <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was developed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0152" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7949" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, now contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0153" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7950" class="- topic/p ">Exposure Draft <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Proposed Amendments to IAS 32, Financial Instruments: Disclosure and Presentation, and IAS 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS09_FN0154" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS09_P7951" class="- topic/p ">As a result of the revision of IFRS 1 in November 2008, paragraph 27 became paragraph B2.</p>       </fn> <fn id="IFRS09_BC6_546_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p class="- topic/p ">The report, 'Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks', is available at <xref href="http://www.fsb.org/wp-content/uploads/r_140722.pdf" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">http://www.fsb.org/wp-content/uploads/r_140722.pdf</xref>.</p>       </fn> <fn id="IFRS09_BC6_586_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p class="- topic/p ">For the purpose of applying the exception in <xref href="IFRS09_6.8.5.dita" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 6.8.5 of IFRS 9</xref> to a discontinued hedging relationship, the amendments require an entity to cease applying the exception at the earlier of (a) as described above and (b) when the entire amount accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve with respect to the hedging relationship has been reclassified to profit or loss. See <xref href="IFRS09_6.8.10.dita" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 6.8.10 of IFRS 9</xref>.</p>       </fn> <fn id="IFRS09_BC6_594_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p class="- topic/p ">In this scenario, the entity would first consider the accounting consequences of amending the contractual terms of the hedging instrument. The IASB will consider the accounting consequences of the actual amendment of financial instruments as a result of interest rate benchmark reform in the next phase of this project (ie the replacement phase).</p>       </fn> </bodydiv></body></topic>