<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS09_IE117" base="SL32825119" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">IE117</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IE117" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS09_P2410" class="- topic/p ">Entity A hedges its risk exposures using the following risk management strategy:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS09_L0184" base="SL32825120" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P2411" base="SL32825122" class="- topic/p ">Entity A uses benchmark commodity forward contracts, which are denominated in FC, to hedge its coffee purchases four periods before delivery. The coffee price that Entity A actually pays for its purchase is different from the benchmark price because of differences in the type of coffee, the location and delivery arrangement.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS09_FN0053" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> This gives rise to the risk of changes in the relationship between the two coffee prices (sometimes referred to as ‘basis risk’), which affects the effectiveness of the hedging relationship. Entity A does not hedge this risk because it is not considered economical under cost/benefit considerations.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P2412" base="SL32825124" class="- topic/p ">Entity A also hedges its FX risk. However, the FX risk is hedged over a different horizon—only three periods before delivery. Entity A considers the FX exposure from the variable payments for the coffee purchase in FC and the gain or loss on the commodity forward contract in FC as one aggregated FX exposure. Hence, Entity A uses one single FX forward contract to hedge the FX cash flows from a forecast coffee purchase and the related commodity forward contract.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>