<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS09_IE5" base="F32656309" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">IE5</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IE5" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS09_P1758" class="- topic/p ">The entity estimates the amount of change in the fair value of the bond that is not attributable to changes in market conditions that give rise to market risk as follows:</p><table outputclass="ruled" id="IFRS09_TAB0007" base="SL32657697" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="1" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="50*" colsep="1" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="50*" colsep="1" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IFRS09_P1759" base="F32657699" class="- topic/p ">[<xref href="IFRS09_B5.7.18.dita#IFRS09_B5_7_18" id="IFRS09_X1696" base="F43478477" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B5.7.18(a)</xref>]</p>               <p id="IFRS09_P1760" base="F32657700" class="- topic/p ">First, the entity computes the                 liability’s internal rate of return at the start of the period using the                 observed market price of the liability and the liability’s contractual cash                 flows at the start of the period. It deducts from this rate of return the observed                 (benchmark) interest rate at the start of the period, to arrive at an                 instrument-specific component of the internal rate of return.</p>             </entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IFRS09_P1761" base="F32657702" class="- topic/p ">At the start of the period of a 10-year bond                 with a coupon of 8 per cent, the bond’s internal rate of return is 8 per                 cent.</p>               <p id="IFRS09_P1762" base="F32657703" class="- topic/p ">Because the observed (benchmark) interest rate                 (LIBOR) is 5 per cent, the instrument-specific component of the internal rate of                 return is 3 per cent.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IFRS09_P1763" base="F32657705" class="- topic/p ">[<xref href="IFRS09_B5.7.18.dita#IFRS09_B5_7_18" id="IFRS09_X1697" base="F43478478" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B5.7.18(b)</xref>]</p>               <p id="IFRS09_P1764" base="F32657706" class="- topic/p ">Next, the entity calculates the present value of                 the cash flows associated with the liability using the liability’s                 contractual cash flows at the end of the period and a discount rate equal to the sum                 of (i) the observed (benchmark) interest rate at the end of the period and (ii) the                 instrument-specific component of the internal rate of return as determined in                 accordance with paragraph B5.7.18(a).</p>             </entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IFRS09_P1765" base="F32657708" class="- topic/p ">The contractual cash flows of the instrument at                 the end of the period are:</p>               <ul id="IFRS09_L0176" base="F32657709" class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">                   <p id="IFRS09_P1766" base="F32657711" class="- topic/p ">interest: CU12,000<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS09_FN0034" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> per year for each of years                     2–10.</p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li ">                   <p id="IFRS09_P1767" base="F32657713" class="- topic/p ">principal: CU150,000 in year 10.</p>                 </li></ul>               <p id="IFRS09_P1768" base="F32657714" class="- topic/p ">The discount rate to be used to calculate the                 present value of the bond is thus 7.75 per cent, which is the end of period LIBOR                 rate of 4.75 per cent, plus the 3 per cent instrument-specific component.</p>               <p id="IFRS09_P1769" base="F32657715" class="- topic/p ">This gives a present value of CU152,367.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS09_FN0035" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IFRS09_P1770" base="F32657719" class="- topic/p ">[<xref href="IFRS09_B5.7.18.dita#IFRS09_B5_7_18" id="IFRS09_X1698" base="F43660102" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B5.7.18(c)</xref>]</p>               <p id="IFRS09_P1771" base="F32657720" class="- topic/p ">The difference between the observed market price                 of the liability at the end of the period and the amount determined in accordance                 with paragraph B5.7.18(b) is the change in fair value that is not attributable to                 changes in the observed (benchmark) interest rate. This is the amount to be                 presented in other comprehensive income in accordance with <xref href="IFRS09_B5.7.7.dita#IFRS09_B5_7_7" id="IFRS09_X1699" base="F43660103" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph                 5.7.7(a)</xref>.</p>             </entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IFRS09_P1772" base="F32657722" class="- topic/p ">The market price of the liability at the end of                 the period is CU153,811.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS09_FN0036" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p>               <p id="IFRS09_P1773" base="F32657725" class="- topic/p ">Thus, the entity presents CU1,444 in other                 comprehensive income, which is CU153,811 – CU152,367, as the increase in fair                 value of the bond that is not attributable to changes in market conditions that give                 rise to market risk.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>