<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS09_IE129" base="SL32826023" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">IE129</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IE129" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS09_P2844" class="- topic/p ">Entity B hedges its risk exposures using the following risk management strategy:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS09_L0188" base="SL32826024" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P2845" base="SL32826026" class="- topic/p ">Entity B uses cross-currency interest rate swaps to swap its FC denominated fixed rate liabilities into a variable rate exposure in LC. Entity B hedges its FC denominated liabilities (including the interest) for their entire life. Consequently, Entity B enters into a cross-currency interest rate swap at the same time as it issues an FC denominated liability. Under the cross-currency interest rate swap Entity B receives fixed interest in FC (used to pay the interest on the liability) and pays variable interest in LC.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P2846" base="SL32826028" class="- topic/p ">Entity B considers the cash flows on a hedged liability and on the related cross‑currency interest rate swap as one aggregated variable rate exposure in LC. From time to time, in accordance with its risk management strategy for variable rate interest rate risk (in LC), Entity B decides to lock in its interest payments and hence swaps its aggregated variable rate exposure in LC into a fixed rate exposure in LC. Entity B seeks to obtain as a fixed rate exposure a single blended fixed coupon rate (ie the uniform forward coupon rate for the hedged term that exists at the start of the hedging relationship).<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS09_FN0061" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> Consequently, Entity B uses interest rate swaps (denominated entirely in LC) under which it receives variable interest (used to pay the interest on the pay leg of the cross-currency interest rate swap) and pays fixed interest.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>