<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="Edu_d5e20290"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn base="IFRS13_47" id="IFRS13_FN0001">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS13_P2553">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, May 2008, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 37</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph>&#x2014;Deposits on returnable containers&#x2019;</p>       <p>The IFRIC was asked to provide guidance on the accounting for the obligation to refund deposits on returnable containers. In some industries, entities that distribute their products in returnable containers collect a deposit for each container delivered and have an obligation to refund this deposit when containers are returned by the customer. The issue was whether the obligation should be accounted for in accordance with IAS 39 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph>.</p>       <p>The IFRIC noted that paragraph 11 of IAS 32 defines a financial instrument as &#x2018;any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.&#x2019; Following delivery of the containers to its customers, the seller has an obligation only to refund the deposit for any returned containers.</p>       <p>In circumstances in which the containers are derecognised as part of the sale transaction, the obligation is an exchange of cash (the deposit) for the containers (non&#x2011;financial assets). Whether that exchange transaction occurs is at the option of the customer. Because the transaction involves the exchange of a non&#x2011;financial item, it does not meet the definition of a financial instrument in accordance with IAS 32.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next">In contrast, when the containers are not derecognised as part of the sale transaction, the customer&#x2019;s only asset is its right to the refund. In such circumstances, the obligation meets the definition of a financial instrument in accordance with IAS 32 and is therefore within the scope of IAS 39. In particular, paragraph 49 of IAS 39 [paragraph 49 of IAS 39 is now paragraph 47 of IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>] states that &#x2018;the fair value of a financial liability with a demand feature (eg a demand deposit) is not less than the amount payable on demand, discounted from the first date that the amount could be required to be paid.&#x2019;</p>       <p>The IFRIC concluded that divergence in this area was unlikely to be significant and therefore decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS13_72" id="IFRS13_FN0002">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS13_P2554">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, January 2015, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>&#x2014;the fair value hierarchy when third-party consensus prices are used&#x2019;</p>       <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify under what circumstances prices that are provided by third parties would qualify as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy in accordance with IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>. The submitter noted that there are divergent views on the level within the hierarchy in which fair value measurements based on prices received from third parties should be classified.</p>       <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that when assets or liabilities are measured on the basis of prices provided by third parties, the classification of those measurements within the fair value hierarchy will depend on the evaluation of the inputs used by the third party to derive those prices, instead of on the pricing methodology used. In other words, the fair value hierarchy prioritises the inputs to valuation techniques, not the valuation techniques used to measure fair value. In accordance with IFRS 13, only unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date qualify as Level 1 inputs. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee noted that a fair value measurement that is based on prices provided by third parties may only be categorised within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy if the measurement relies solely on unadjusted quoted prices in an active market for an identical instrument that the entity can access at the measurement date.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Interpretations Committee also observed that the guidance in IFRS 13 relating to the classification of measurements within the fair value hierarchy is sufficient to draw an appropriate conclusion on the issue submitted.</p>       <p>On the basis of the analysis performed, the Interpretations Committee determined that neither an Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was necessary. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>