<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F16133144" id="IFRS13_BC117" principles="no"><paranum>BC117</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13"/><data name="paranum" value="BC117"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P2274">The previous requirements in IFRSs and US GAAP did not clearly specify the relationship between the fair value measurement of financial instruments and how an entity manages its net risk exposure. For example, Topic 820, IAS 39 and <xref base="F43926903" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001" id="IFRS13_X1052">IFRS 9</xref> did not explicitly address how the following meet the objective of a fair value measurement for financial instruments: </p><ol base="F16133147" id="IFRS13_L0103" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F16133148" id="IFRS13_P2275">Entities typically do not manage their exposure to market risks and credit risk by <i>selling</i> a financial asset or transferring a financial liability (eg by unwinding a transaction). Instead, they manage their risk exposure by entering into a transaction for another financial instrument (or instruments) that would result in an offsetting position in the same risk. The resulting measurement represents the fair value of the net risk exposure, not the fair value of an individual financial instrument. The sum of the fair values of the individual instruments is not equal to the fair value of the net risk exposure.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F16133151" id="IFRS13_P2276">An entity&#x2019;s net risk exposure is a function of the other financial instruments held by the entity and of the entity&#x2019;s risk preferences (both of which are entity&#x2011;specific decisions and, thus, do not form part of a fair value measurement). Market participants may hold different groups of financial instruments or may have different risk preferences, and it is those factors that are taken into account when measuring fair value. However, the boards understand that market participants holding that particular group of financial instruments and with those particular risk preferences would be likely to price those financial instruments similarly (ie using similar valuation techniques and similar market data). As a result, the market participants&#x2019; measurement of those financial instruments within that particular group is a market&#x2011;based measurement, and a measurement using an entity&#x2019;s risk preferences would not be a fair value measurement, but an entity&#x2011;specific measurement.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>