<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS13_BC82" base="F16133037" principles="no"><paranum>BC82</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13"/><data name="paranum" value="BC82"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P2220">Furthermore, even if an entity is unable to transfer its liability to a third party,  the IASB concluded that the transfer notion was necessary in a fair value measurement because that notion captures market participants&#x2019; expectations about the liquidity, uncertainty  and other factors associated with the liability, whereas a settlement notion may not because it may incorporate entity&#x2011;specific factors. In the IASB&#x2019;s view, the fair value of a liability from the perspective of a market participant that owes the liability is the same regardless of whether it is settled or transferred.  That is because:</p><ol id="IFRS13_L0099" base="F16133040" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P2221" base="F16133041">both a settlement and a transfer of a liability reflect all costs that would be incurred to fulfil the obligation, including the market&#x2011;based profit an entity and a market participant transferee desire to earn on all their activities. </p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P2222" base="F16133043">an entity faces the same risks when fulfilling an obligation that a market participant transferee faces when fulfilling that obligation. Neither the entity nor the market participant transferee has perfect knowledge about the timing and amount of the cash outflows, even for financial liabilities. </p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P2223" base="F16133045">a settlement in a fair value measurement does not assume a settlement with the counterparty over time (eg as principal and interest payments become due), but a settlement at the measurement date. Accordingly, the settlement amount in a fair value measurement reflects the present value of the economic benefits (eg payments) the counterparty would have received over time.</p></li></ol><p id="IFRS13_P2224" base="F16133046">As a result, the IASB concluded that similar thought processes are needed to estimate both the amount to settle a liability and the amount to transfer that liability.</p></body></paragraph>