<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="d5e9325"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IFRS14_FN0001"> <p id="IFRS14_P1193">In September 2010, the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>. The term “faithful representation” encompasses the main characteristics that the previous <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> called “reliability”. The requirement in paragraph 13 of this Standard is based on the requirements of IAS 8, which retains the term “reliable”. </p></fn><fn id="IFRS14_FN0002"> <p id="IFRS14_P1194">In 2010, the IASB replaced the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> adopted by the IASB in 2001 (<i>Framework</i>) with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph> (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>). The term “faithful representation”, which was used in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2010 and is also used in the revised version of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2018, encompasses the main characteristics that the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> called “reliability”. The requirement in paragraph 13 of this Standard is based on the requirements of IAS 8, which retains the term “reliable”. </p></fn><fn id="IFRS14_FN0003"> <p id="IFRS14_P1195">The guidance in SFAS 71, together with subsequent amendments and related guidance, has now been incorporated into Topic 980 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Regulated Operations</ph></ph> in the FASB <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting Standards Codification</ph></ph>.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS14_FN0004"> <p id="IFRS14_P1196">In September 2010, the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>. The definitions of assets and liabilities and the criteria for recognising them in the statement of financial position were unchanged.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS14_FN0005"> <p id="IFRS14_P1197">The reference is to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001 and in effect when the Interpretations Committee discussed this matter.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS14_FN0006"> <p id="IFRS14_P1198">In July 2011, the IASB published a formal Request for Views document to provide a channel for formal public input on the broad aspects of our agenda-setting process.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS14_FN0007"> <p id="IFRS14_P1199">The IASB published, in July 2013, the Discussion Paper <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">A Review of the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>. The deadline for comments was 14 January 2014.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS14_FN0008"> <p id="IFRS14_P1200">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>, issued in 2010 and in effect when the Standard was developed.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS14_FN0009"> <p id="IFRS14_P1201">IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>, issued in May 2017, replaced IFRS 4.</p></fn><fn id="IFRS14_FN0010"> <p id="IFRS14_P1202">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> in this Dissent are to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>, issued in 2010 and in effect when the Standard was developed.</p></fn></bodydiv></body></topic>