<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IFRS15_PRE"><title><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number"/>  <ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title"/></ph></title><body><p base="F32514938" id="IFRS15_P0001">In April 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board (Board) adopted IAS&#xa0;11&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Construction Contracts</ph></ph>&#xa0;and IAS&#xa0;18&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue</ph></ph>, both of which had originally been issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee (IASC) in December 1993. IAS&#xa0;18 replaced a previous version:&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue Recognition</ph></ph>&#xa0;(issued in December 1982). IAS&#xa0;11 replaced parts of IAS&#xa0;11&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for Construction Contracts</ph></ph>&#xa0;(issued in March 1979).</p><p base="F32570822" id="IFRS15_P0002">In December 2001 the Board issued&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;31</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue&#x2014;Barter Transactions Involving Advertising Services</ph></ph>. The Interpretation was originally developed by the Standards Interpretations Committee of the IASC to determine the circumstances in which a seller of advertising services can reliably measure revenue at the fair value of advertising services provided in a barter transaction.</p><p base="F32570824" id="IFRS15_P0003">In June 2007 the Board issued IFRIC&#xa0;13&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Customer Loyalty Programmes</ph></ph>. The Interpretation was developed by the IFRS Interpretations Committee (the &#x2018;Interpretations Committee&#x2019;) to address the accounting by the entity that grants award credits to its customers.</p><p base="F32570826" id="IFRS15_P0004">In July 2008 the Board issued IFRIC&#xa0;15&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Agreements for the Construction of Real Estate</ph></ph>. The Interpretation was developed by the Interpretations Committee to apply to the accounting for revenue and associated expenses by entities that undertake the construction of real estate directly or through subcontractors.</p><p base="F32570838" id="IFRS15_P0005">In January 2009 the Board issued&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRIC&#xa0;18</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Transfers of Assets from Customers</ph></ph>. The Interpretation was developed by the Interpretations Committee to apply to the accounting for transfers of items of property, plant and equipment by entities that receive such transfers from their customers.</p><p base="F32570840" id="IFRS15_P0006">In May 2014 the Board issued IFRS&#xa0;15&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph>, together with the introduction of Topic 606 into the Financial Accounting Standards Board&#x2019;s&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting Standards Codification</ph></ph>&#xae;. IFRS&#xa0;15 replaces IAS&#xa0;11, IAS&#xa0;18, IFRIC&#xa0;13, IFRIC&#xa0;15, IFRIC&#xa0;18 and SIC&#x2011;31. IFRS&#xa0;15 provides a comprehensive framework for recognising revenue from contracts with customers.</p><variants id="IFRS15_P0007">       <p base="F47133744" id="IFRS15_P0007_V1">In September 2015 the Board issued&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Effective Date of IFRS&#xa0;15</ph></ph>&#xa0;which deferred the mandatory effective date of IFRS&#xa0;15 to 1&#xa0;January 2018.</p>     </variants><variants id="IFRS15_P0008">       <p base="F50440407" id="IFRS15_P0008_V1">In April 2016 the Board issued&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Clarifications to IFRS 15</ph></ph>&#xa0;Revenue from Contracts with Customers clarifying the Board&#x2019;s intentions when developing some of the requirements in IFRS&#xa0;15. These amendments do not change the underlying principles of IFRS&#xa0;15 but clarify how those principles should be applied and provide additional transitional relief.</p>     </variants><variants id="IFRS15_P0009">       <p base="F59119931" id="IFRS15_P0009_V1">In May 2017, the Board issued IFRS&#xa0;17&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>&#xa0;which permits an entity to choose whether to apply IFRS&#xa0;17 or IFRS&#xa0;15 to specified fixed-fee service contracts that meet the definition of an insurance contract.</p>     </variants><variants id="IFRS15_P0010">              <p base="F75020245" id="IFRS15_P0010_V2">Other Standards have made minor consequential amendments to IFRS&#xa0;15, including IFRS&#xa0;16&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Leases</ph></ph>&#xa0;(issued January 2016) and&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</ph></ph>&#xa0;(issued March 2018).</p>     </variants></body></topic>