<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS15_B37"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B37</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="B37"/></prolog><body><variant id="IFRS15_B37_V2" base="F49801326"> <p id="IFRS15_P0648">Indicators that an entity controls the specified good or service before it is transferred to the <xref base="F31716740" href="IFRS15_APPA.dita#IFRS15_APPA/IFRS15_P0502">customer<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_customer"/></ph></xref> (and is therefore a principal (see <xref id="IFRS15_X0675" base="F51967019" href="IFRS15_B35.dita#IFRS15_B35/IFRS15_B35_V2">paragraph B35</xref>)) include, but are not limited to, the following:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS15_L0072" base="F49801328" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P0649" base="F49801330">the entity is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service. This typically includes responsibility for the acceptability of the specified good or service (for example, primary responsibility for the good or service meeting customer specifications). If the entity is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service, this may indicate that the other party involved in providing the specified good or service is acting on the entity’s behalf.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P0650" base="F49801332">the entity has inventory risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to a customer or after transfer of control to the customer (for example, if the customer has a right of return). For example, if the entity obtains, or commits itself to obtain, the specified good or service before obtaining a contract with a customer, that may indicate that the entity has the ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the good or service before it is transferred to the customer.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P0651" base="F49801334">the entity has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service. Establishing the price that the customer pays for the specified good or service may indicate that the entity has the ability to direct the use of that good or service and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits. However, an agent can have discretion in establishing prices in some cases. For example, an agent may have some flexibility in setting prices in order to generate additional revenue from its service of arranging for goods or services to be provided by other parties to customers.</p></li></ol>  </variant></body></paragraph>