<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS10_B50" base="F16127097" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B50</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 10" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B50" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS10_P0373" class="- topic/p ">Substantive potential voting rights alone, or in combination with other rights, can give an investor the current ability to direct the relevant activities. For example, this is likely to be the case when an investor holds 40 per cent of the voting rights of an investee and, in accordance with <xref href="IFRS10_B23.dita#IFRS10_B23" base="F16219321" id="IFRS10_X0433" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B23</xref>, holds substantive rights arising from options to acquire a further 20 per cent of the voting rights.</p><table outputclass="ruled" base="F16127098" frame="all" orient="port" id="IFRS10_TAB0006" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Application examples             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921961" id="IFRS10_P0375" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 9</b></p>                              <p base="F16127101" id="IFRS10_P0377" class="- topic/p ">Investor A holds 70 per cent of the voting rights of an investee. Investor B has 30 per cent of the voting rights of the investee as well as an option to acquire half of investor A’s voting rights. The option is exercisable for the next two years at a fixed price that is deeply out of the money (and is expected to remain so for that two-year period). Investor A has been exercising its votes and is actively directing the relevant activities of the investee. In such a case, investor A is likely to meet the power criterion because it appears to have the current ability to direct the relevant activities. Although investor B has currently exercisable options to purchase additional voting rights (that, if exercised, would give it a majority of the voting rights in the investee), the terms and conditions associated with those options are such that the options are not considered substantive.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921963" id="IFRS10_P0378" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 10</b></p>                              <p base="F16127170" id="IFRS10_P0380" class="- topic/p ">Investor A and two other investors each hold a third of the voting rights of an investee. The investee’s business activity is closely related to investor A. In addition to its equity instruments, investor A also holds debt instruments that are convertible into ordinary shares of the investee at any time for a fixed price that is out of the money (but not deeply out of the money). If the debt were converted, investor A would hold 60 per cent of the voting rights of the investee. Investor A would benefit from realising synergies if the debt instruments were converted into ordinary shares. Investor A has power over the investee because it holds voting rights of the investee together with substantive potential voting rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>