<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS10_B23" base="F16126625" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B23</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 10" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B23" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS10_P0275" class="- topic/p ">Determining whether rights are substantive requires judgement, taking into account all facts and circumstances. Factors to consider in making that determination include but are not limited to:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS10_L0027" base="F16126627" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P0276" base="F16126628" class="- topic/p ">Whether there are any barriers (economic or otherwise) that prevent the holder (or holders) from exercising the rights. Examples of such barriers include but are not limited to:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS10_L0028" base="F16126630" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P0277" base="F16126631" class="- topic/p ">financial penalties and incentives that would prevent (or deter) the holder from exercising its rights.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P0278" base="F16126633" class="- topic/p ">an exercise or conversion price that creates a financial barrier that would prevent (or deter) the holder from exercising its rights.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P0279" base="F16126651" class="- topic/p ">terms and conditions that make it unlikely that the rights would be exercised, for example, conditions that narrowly limit the timing of their exercise.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iv)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P0280" base="F16126653" class="- topic/p ">the absence of an explicit, reasonable mechanism in the founding documents of an investee or in applicable laws or regulations that would allow the holder to exercise its rights.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(v)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P0281" base="F16126655" class="- topic/p ">the inability of the holder of the rights to obtain the information necessary to exercise its rights.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(vi)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P0282" base="F16126657" class="- topic/p ">operational barriers or incentives that would prevent (or deter) the holder from exercising its rights (eg the absence of other managers willing or able to provide specialised services or provide the services and take on other interests held by the incumbent manager).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(vii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P0283" base="F16126659" class="- topic/p ">legal or regulatory requirements that prevent the holder from exercising its rights (eg where a foreign investor is prohibited from exercising its rights).</p></li></ol></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P0284" base="F16126674" class="- topic/p ">When the exercise of rights requires the agreement of more than one party, or when the rights are held by more than one party, whether a mechanism is in place that provides those parties with the practical ability to exercise their rights collectively if they choose to do so. The lack of such a mechanism is an indicator that the rights may not be substantive. The more parties that are required to agree to exercise the rights, the less likely it is that those rights are substantive. However, a board of directors whose members are independent of the decision maker may serve as a mechanism for numerous investors to act collectively in exercising their rights. Therefore, removal rights exercisable by an independent board of directors are more likely to be substantive than if the same rights were exercisable individually by a large number of investors. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P0285" base="F16126676" class="- topic/p ">Whether the party or parties that hold the rights would benefit from the exercise of those rights. For example, the holder of potential voting rights in an investee (see <xref href="IFRS10_gB47-B50.dita#IFRS10_gB47_B50/IFRS10_gB47_B50_TI" id="IFRS10_X0391" base="F16218723" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs B47–B50</xref>) shall consider the exercise or conversion price of the instrument. The terms and conditions of potential voting rights are more likely to be substantive when the instrument is in the money or the investor would benefit for other reasons (eg by realising synergies between the investor and the investee) from the exercise or conversion of the instrument.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>