<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS10_B13" base="F16126413" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B13</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 10" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B13" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS10_P0231" class="- topic/p ">In some situations, activities both before and after a particular set of circumstances arises or event occurs may be relevant activities. When two or more investors have the current ability to direct relevant activities and those activities occur at different times, the investors shall determine which investor is able to direct the activities that most significantly affect those returns consistently with the treatment of concurrent decision-making rights (see <xref href="IFRS10_13.dita#IFRS10_13" base="F16218829" id="IFRS10_X0368" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 13</xref>). The investors shall reconsider this assessment over time if relevant facts or circumstances change. </p><table outputclass="ruled" base="F16126460" frame="all" orient="port" id="IFRS10_TAB0001" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Application examples             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921937" id="IFRS10_P0233" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 1</b></p>               <p base="F16126463" id="IFRS10_P0234" class="- topic/p ">Two investors form an investee to develop and market a medical product. One investor is responsible for developing and obtaining regulatory approval of the medical product—that responsibility includes having the unilateral ability to make all decisions relating to the development of the product and to obtaining regulatory approval. Once the regulator has approved the product, the other investor will manufacture and market it—this investor has the unilateral ability to make all decisions about the manufacture and marketing of the product. If all the activities—developing and obtaining regulatory approval as well as manufacturing and marketing of the medical product—are relevant activities, each investor needs to determine whether it is able to direct the activities that <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">most</i> significantly affect the investee’s returns. Accordingly, each investor needs to consider whether developing and obtaining regulatory approval or the manufacturing and marketing of the medical product is the activity that most significantly affects the investee’s returns and whether it is able to direct that activity. In determining which investor has power, the investors would consider:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F16126466" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS10_L0021" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>                   <p base="F16126467" id="IFRS10_P0235" class="- topic/p ">the purpose and design of the investee;</p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>                   <p base="F16126469" id="IFRS10_P0236" class="- topic/p ">the factors that determine the profit margin, revenue and value of the investee as well as the value of the medical product;</p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>                   <p base="F16126480" id="IFRS10_P0237" class="- topic/p ">the effect on the investee’s returns resulting from each investor’s decision-making authority with respect to the factors in (b); and</p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>                   <p base="F16126482" id="IFRS10_P0238" class="- topic/p ">the investors’ exposure to variability of returns.</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16126483" id="IFRS10_P0239" class="- topic/p ">In this particular example, the investors would also consider:</p>               <ol outputclass="static" base="F16126485" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS10_L0022" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>                   <p base="F16126486" id="IFRS10_P0240" class="- topic/p ">the uncertainty of, and effort required in, obtaining regulatory approval (considering the investor’s record of successfully developing and obtaining regulatory approval of medical products); and</p>                 </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value>                   <p base="F16126488" id="IFRS10_P0241" class="- topic/p ">which investor controls the medical product once the development phase is successful.</p>                 </li></ol>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921939" id="IFRS10_P0242" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 2</b></p>               <p base="F16126503" id="IFRS10_P0243" class="- topic/p ">An investment vehicle (the investee) is created and financed with a debt instrument held by an investor (the debt investor) and equity instruments held by a number of other investors. The equity tranche is designed to absorb the first losses and to receive any residual return from the investee. One of the equity investors who holds 30 per cent of the equity is also the asset manager. The investee uses its proceeds to purchase a portfolio of financial assets, exposing the investee to the credit risk associated with the possible default of principal and interest payments of the assets. The transaction is marketed to the debt investor as an investment with minimal exposure to the credit risk associated with the possible default of the assets in the portfolio because of the nature of these assets and because the equity tranche is designed to absorb the first losses of the investee. The returns of the investee are significantly affected by the management of the investee’s asset portfolio, which includes decisions about the selection, acquisition and disposal of the assets within portfolio guidelines and the management upon default of any portfolio assets. All those activities are managed by the asset manager until defaults reach a specified proportion of the portfolio value (ie when the value of the portfolio is such that the equity tranche of the investee has been consumed). From that time, a third-party trustee manages the assets according to the instructions of the debt investor. Managing the investee’s asset portfolio is the relevant activity of the investee. The asset manager has the ability to direct the relevant activities until defaulted assets reach the specified proportion of the portfolio value; the debt investor has the ability to direct the relevant activities when the value of defaulted assets surpasses that specified proportion of the portfolio value. The asset manager and the debt investor each need to determine whether they are able to direct the activities that <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">most</i> significantly affect the investee’s returns, including considering the purpose and design of the investee as well as each party’s exposure to variability of returns.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>