<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS10_PRE" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph "/>  <ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph "/></ph></title><body class="- topic/body "><p base="F17966171" id="IFRS10_P0001" class="- topic/p ">In April 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board (Board) adopted IAS 27 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements and Accounting for Investments in Subsidiaries</ph></ph>, which had originally been issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee in April 1989. IAS 27 replaced most of IAS 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> (issued in June 1976).</p><p base="F17966172" id="IFRS10_P0002" class="- topic/p ">In December 2003, the Board amended and renamed IAS 27 with a new title—<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph>. The amended IAS 27 also incorporated the guidance contained in two related Interpretations (<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidation‑Special Purpose Entities</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑33</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidation and Equity Method—Potential Voting Rights and Allocation of Ownership Interests</ph></ph>).</p><p base="F17966174" id="IFRS10_P0003" class="- topic/p ">In May 2011 the Board issued IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> to supersede IAS 27. IFRS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities</ph></ph>, also issued in May 2011, replaced the disclosure requirements in IAS 27. IFRS 10 incorporates the guidance contained in two related Interpretations (<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidation‑Special Purpose Entities</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑33</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidation</ph></ph>).</p><p base="F18764043" id="IFRS10_P0004" class="- topic/p ">In June 2012 IFRS 10 was amended by <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements, Joint Arrangements and Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities: Transition Guidance</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, IFRS 11 and IFRS 12). These amendments clarified the transition guidance in IFRS 10. Furthermore, these amendments provided additional transition relief in IFRS 10, limiting the requirement to present adjusted comparative information to only the annual period immediately preceding the first annual period for which IFRS 10 is applied.</p><variants id="IFRS10_P0005" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">              <p base="F25610428" id="IFRS10_P0005_V2" class="- topic/p ">In October 2012 IFRS 10 was amended by <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, IFRS 12 and IAS 27), which defined an investment entity and introduced an exception to consolidating particular subsidiaries for investment entities. It also introduced the requirement that an investment entity measures those subsidiaries at fair value through profit or loss in accordance with <xref href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001" base="F68118418" id="IFRS10_X0001" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph></xref> in its consolidated and separate financial statements. In addition, the amendments introduced new disclosure requirements for investment entities in IFRS 12 and IAS 27.</p>     </variants><variants id="IFRS10_P0007" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">       <p base="F38986652" id="IFRS10_P0007_V1" class="- topic/p ">In December 2014 IFRS 10 was amended by <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities: Applying the Consolidation Exception</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 10, IFRS 12 and IAS 28). These amendments clarified which subsidiaries of an investment entity should be consolidated instead of being measured at fair value through profit or loss. The amendments also clarified that the exemption from presenting consolidated financial statements continues to apply to subsidiaries of an investment entity that are themselves parent entities. This is so even if that subsidiary is measured at fair value through profit or loss by the higher level investment entity parent.</p>     </variants><variants id="IFRS10_P0008" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">              <p base="F75013063" id="IFRS10_P0008_V2" class="- topic/p ">Other Standards have made minor consequential amendments to IFRS 10, including <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2014–2016 Cycle</ph></ph> (issued December 2016) and <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</ph></ph> (issued March 2018).</p>     </variants></body></topic>