<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS10_B24" base="F16126677" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B24</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 10" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B24" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS10_P0286" class="- topic/p ">To be substantive, rights also need to be exercisable when decisions about the direction of the relevant activities need to be made. Usually, to be substantive, the rights need to be currently exercisable. However, sometimes rights can be substantive, even though the rights are not currently exercisable.</p><table outputclass="ruled" base="F16126678" frame="all" orient="port" id="IFRS10_TAB0002" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               Application examples             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921941" id="IFRS10_P0290" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 3</b></p>               <p base="F16126682" id="IFRS10_P0291" class="- topic/p ">The investee has annual shareholder meetings at which decisions to direct the relevant activities are made. The next scheduled shareholders’ meeting is in eight months. However, shareholders that individually or collectively hold at least 5 per cent of the voting rights can call a special meeting to change the existing policies over the relevant activities, but a requirement to give notice to the other shareholders means that such a meeting cannot be held for at least 30 days. Policies over the relevant activities can be changed only at special or scheduled shareholders’ meetings. This includes the approval of material sales of assets as well as the making or disposing of significant investments.</p>               <p base="F16126683" id="IFRS10_P0292" class="- topic/p ">The above fact pattern applies to examples 3A–3D described below. Each example is considered in isolation.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921943" id="IFRS10_P0293" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 3A</b></p>               <p base="F16126699" id="IFRS10_P0294" class="- topic/p ">An investor holds a majority of the voting rights in the investee. The investor’s voting rights are substantive because the investor is able to make decisions about the direction of the relevant activities when they need to be made. The fact that it takes 30 days before the investor can exercise its voting rights does not stop the investor from having the current ability to direct the relevant activities from the moment the investor acquires the shareholding.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921945" id="IFRS10_P0295" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 3B</b></p>               <p base="F16126701" id="IFRS10_P0296" class="- topic/p ">An investor is party to a forward contract to acquire the majority of shares in the investee. The forward contract’s settlement date is in 25 days. The existing shareholders are unable to change the existing policies over the relevant activities because a special meeting cannot be held for at least 30 days, at which point the forward contract will have been settled. Thus, the investor has rights that are essentially equivalent to the majority shareholder in example 3A above (ie the investor holding the forward contract can make decisions about the direction of the relevant activities when they need to be made). The investor’s forward contract is a substantive right that gives the investor the current ability to direct the relevant activities even before the forward contract is settled.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921947" id="IFRS10_P0297" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 3C</b></p>               <p base="F16126729" id="IFRS10_P0298" class="- topic/p ">An investor holds a substantive option to acquire the majority of shares in the investee that is exercisable in 25 days and is deeply in the money. The same conclusion would be reached as in example 3B.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921949" id="IFRS10_P0299" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 3D</b></p>               <p base="F16126732" id="IFRS10_P0300" class="- topic/p ">An investor is party to a forward contract to acquire the majority of shares in the investee, with no other related rights over the investee. The forward contract’s settlement date is in six months. In contrast to the examples above, the investor does not have the current ability to direct the relevant activities. The existing shareholders have the current ability to direct the relevant activities because they can change the existing policies over the relevant activities before the forward contract is settled.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>