<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS10_B72" base="F16127370" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B72</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 10" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B72" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS10_P0438" class="- topic/p ">In evaluating its exposure to variability of returns from other interests in the investee a decision maker shall consider the following:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F16127372" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS10_L0038" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="F16127373" id="IFRS10_P0439" class="- topic/p ">the greater the magnitude of, and variability associated with, its economic interests, considering its remuneration and other interests in aggregate, the more likely the decision maker is a principal.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="F16127375" id="IFRS10_P0440" class="- topic/p ">whether its exposure to variability of returns is different from that of the other investors and, if so, whether this might influence its actions. For example, this might be the case when a decision maker holds subordinated interests in, or provides other forms of credit enhancement to, an investee.</p>       </li></ol><p base="F16127392" id="IFRS10_P0441" class="- topic/p ">The decision maker shall evaluate its exposure relative to the total variability of returns of the investee. This evaluation is made primarily on the basis of returns expected from the activities of the investee but shall not ignore the decision maker’s maximum exposure to variability of returns of the investee through other interests that the decision maker holds.</p><table outputclass="ruled" base="F16127394" frame="all" orient="port" id="IFRS10_TAB0008" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Application examples             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921970" id="IFRS10_P0443" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 13</b></p>                              <p base="F16127397" id="IFRS10_P0445" class="- topic/p ">A decision maker (fund manager) establishes, markets and manages a publicly traded, regulated fund according to narrowly defined parameters set out in the investment mandate as required by its local laws and regulations. The fund was marketed to investors as an investment in a diversified portfolio of equity securities of publicly traded entities. Within the defined parameters, the fund manager has discretion about the assets in which to invest. The fund manager has made a 10 per cent pro rata investment in the fund and receives a market-based fee for its services equal to 1 per cent of the net asset value of the fund. The fees are commensurate with the services provided. The fund manager does not have any obligation to fund losses beyond its 10 per cent investment. The fund is not required to establish, and has not established, an independent board of directors. The investors do not hold any substantive rights that would affect the decision-making authority of the fund manager, but can redeem their interests within particular limits set by the fund.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16127398" id="IFRS10_P0446" class="- topic/p ">Although operating within the parameters set out in the investment mandate and in accordance with the regulatory requirements, the fund manager has decision-making rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the fund—the investors do not hold substantive rights that could affect the fund manager’s decision-making authority. The fund manager receives a market-based fee for its services that is commensurate with the services provided and has also made a pro rata investment in the fund. The remuneration and its investment expose the fund manager to variability of returns from the activities of the fund without creating exposure that is of such significance that it indicates that the fund manager is a principal.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16127399" id="IFRS10_P0447" class="- topic/p ">In this example, consideration of the fund manager’s exposure to variability of returns from the fund together with its decision-making authority within restricted parameters indicates that the fund manager is an agent. Thus, the fund manager concludes that it does not control the fund.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921972" id="IFRS10_P0448" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 14</b></p>                              <p base="F16127423" id="IFRS10_P0450" class="- topic/p ">A decision maker establishes, markets and manages a fund that provides investment opportunities to a number of investors. The decision maker (fund manager) must make decisions in the best interests of all investors and in accordance with the fund’s governing agreements. Nonetheless, the fund manager has wide decision-making discretion. The fund manager receives a market-based fee for its services equal to 1 per cent of assets under management and 20 per cent of all the fund’s profits if a specified profit level is achieved. The fees are commensurate with the services provided.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16127424" id="IFRS10_P0451" class="- topic/p ">Although it must make decisions in the best interests of all investors, the fund manager has extensive decision-making authority to direct the relevant activities of the fund. The fund manager is paid fixed and performance-related fees that are commensurate with the services provided. In addition, the remuneration aligns the interests of the fund manager with those of the other investors to increase the value of the fund, without creating exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the fund that is of such significance that the remuneration, when considered in isolation, indicates that the fund manager is a principal.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16127425" id="IFRS10_P0452" class="- topic/p ">The above fact pattern and analysis applies to examples 14A–14C described below. Each example is considered in isolation.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921974" id="IFRS10_P0453" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 14A</b></p>                              <p base="F16127427" id="IFRS10_P0455" class="- topic/p ">The fund manager also has a 2 per cent investment in the fund that aligns its interests with those of the other investors. The fund manager does not have any obligation to fund losses beyond its 2 per cent investment. The investors can remove the fund manager by a simple majority vote, but only for breach of contract.</p>               <p base="F16127428" id="IFRS10_P0456" class="- topic/p ">The fund manager’s 2 per cent investment increases its exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the fund without creating exposure that is of such significance that it indicates that the fund manager is a principal. The other investors’ rights to remove the fund manager are considered to be protective rights because they are exercisable only for breach of contract. In this example, although the fund manager has extensive decision-making authority and is exposed to variability of returns from its interest and remuneration, the fund manager’s exposure indicates that the fund manager is an agent. Thus, the fund manager concludes that it does not control the fund.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921976" id="IFRS10_P0457" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 14B</b></p>                              <p base="F16127450" id="IFRS10_P0459" class="- topic/p ">The fund manager has a more substantial pro rata investment in the fund, but does not have any obligation to fund losses beyond that investment. The investors can remove the fund manager by a simple majority vote, but only for breach of contract.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16127451" id="IFRS10_P0460" class="- topic/p ">In this example, the other investors’ rights to remove the fund manager are considered to be protective rights because they are exercisable only for breach of contract. Although the fund manager is paid fixed and performance-related fees that are commensurate with the services provided, the combination of the fund manager’s investment together with its remuneration could create exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the fund that is of such significance that it indicates that the fund manager is a principal. The greater the magnitude of, and variability associated with, the fund manager’s economic interests (considering its remuneration and other interests in aggregate), the more emphasis the fund manager would place on those economic interests in the analysis, and the more likely the fund manager is a principal.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16127452" id="IFRS10_P0461" class="- topic/p ">For example, having considered its remuneration and the other factors, the fund manager might consider a 20 per cent investment to be sufficient to conclude that it controls the fund. However, in different circumstances (ie if the remuneration or other factors are different), control may arise when the level of investment is different.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921978" id="IFRS10_P0462" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 14C</b></p>                              <p base="F16127454" id="IFRS10_P0464" class="- topic/p ">The fund manager has a 20 per cent pro rata investment in the fund, but does not have any obligation to fund losses beyond its 20 per cent investment. The fund has a board of directors, all of whose members are independent of the fund manager and are appointed by the other investors. The board appoints the fund manager annually. If the board decided not to renew the fund manager’s contract, the services performed by the fund manager could be performed by other managers in the industry.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16127456" id="IFRS10_P0465" class="- topic/p ">Although the fund manager is paid fixed and performance-related fees that are commensurate with the services provided, the combination of the fund manager’s 20 per cent investment together with its remuneration creates exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the fund that is of such significance that it indicates that the fund manager is a principal. However, the investors have substantive rights to remove the fund manager—the board of directors provides a mechanism to ensure that the investors can remove the fund manager if they decide to do so.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16127473" id="IFRS10_P0466" class="- topic/p ">In this example, the fund manager places greater emphasis on the substantive removal rights in the analysis. Thus, although the fund manager has extensive decision-making authority and is exposed to variability of returns of the fund from its remuneration and investment, the substantive rights held by the other investors indicate that the fund manager is an agent. Thus, the fund manager concludes that it does not control the fund.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921980" id="IFRS10_P0467" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 15</b></p>                              <p base="F16127475" id="IFRS10_P0469" class="- topic/p ">An investee is created to purchase a portfolio of fixed rate asset-backed securities, funded by fixed rate debt instruments and equity instruments. The equity instruments are designed to provide first loss protection to the debt investors and receive any residual returns of the investee. The transaction was marketed to potential debt investors as an investment in a portfolio of asset-backed securities with exposure to the credit risk associated with the possible default of the issuers of the asset-backed securities in the portfolio and to the interest rate risk associated with the management of the portfolio. On formation, the equity instruments represent 10 per cent of the value of the assets purchased. A decision maker (the asset manager) manages the active asset portfolio by making investment decisions within the parameters set out in the investee’s prospectus. For those services, the asset manager receives a market-based fixed fee (ie 1 per cent of assets under management) and performance-related fees (ie 10 per cent of profits) if the investee’s profits exceed a specified level. The fees are commensurate with the services provided. The asset manager holds 35 per cent of the equity in the investee. The remaining 65 per cent of the equity, and all the debt instruments, are held by a large number of widely dispersed unrelated third party investors. The asset manager can be removed, without cause, by a simple majority decision of the other investors.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16127476" id="IFRS10_P0470" class="- topic/p ">The asset manager is paid fixed and performance-related fees that are commensurate with the services provided. The remuneration aligns the interests of the fund manager with those of the other investors to increase the value of the fund. The asset manager has exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the fund because it holds 35 per cent of the equity and from its remuneration.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16127490" id="IFRS10_P0471" class="- topic/p ">Although operating within the parameters set out in the investee’s prospectus, the asset manager has the current ability to make investment decisions that significantly affect the investee’s returns—the removal rights held by the other investors receive little weighting in the analysis because those rights are held by a large number of widely dispersed investors. In this example, the asset manager places greater emphasis on its exposure to variability of returns of the fund from its equity interest, which is subordinate to the debt instruments. Holding 35 per cent of the equity creates subordinated exposure to losses and rights to returns of the investee, which are of such significance that it indicates that the asset manager is a principal. Thus, the asset manager concludes that it controls the investee.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921982" id="IFRS10_P0472" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 16</b></p>                              <p base="F16127495" id="IFRS10_P0474" class="- topic/p ">A decision maker (the sponsor) sponsors a multi-seller conduit, which issues short-term debt instruments to unrelated third party investors. The transaction was marketed to potential investors as an investment in a portfolio of highly rated medium-term assets with minimal exposure to the credit risk associated with the possible default by the issuers of the assets in the portfolio. Various transferors sell high quality medium-term asset portfolios to the conduit. Each transferor services the portfolio of assets that it sells to the conduit and manages receivables on default for a market-based servicing fee. Each transferor also provides first loss protection against credit losses from its asset portfolio through over-collateralisation of the assets transferred to the conduit. The sponsor establishes the terms of the conduit and manages the operations of the conduit for a market-based fee. The fee is commensurate with the services provided. The sponsor approves the sellers permitted to sell to the conduit, approves the assets to be purchased by the conduit and makes decisions about the funding of the conduit. The sponsor must act in the best interests of all investors.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16127496" id="IFRS10_P0475" class="- topic/p ">The sponsor is entitled to any residual return of the conduit and also provides credit enhancement and liquidity facilities to the conduit. The credit enhancement provided by the sponsor absorbs losses of up to 5 per cent of all of the conduit’s assets, after losses are absorbed by the transferors. The liquidity facilities are not advanced against defaulted assets. The investors do not hold substantive rights that could affect the decision-making authority of the sponsor.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F16127497" id="IFRS10_P0476" class="- topic/p ">Even though the sponsor is paid a market-based fee for its services that is commensurate with the services provided, the sponsor has exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the conduit because of its rights to any residual returns of the conduit and the provision of credit enhancement and liquidity facilities (ie the conduit is exposed to liquidity risk by using short-term debt instruments to fund medium-term assets). Even though each of the transferors has decision-making rights that affect the value of the assets of the conduit, the sponsor has extensive decision-making authority that gives it the current ability to direct the activities that most significantly affect the conduit’s returns (ie the sponsor established the terms of the conduit, has the right to make decisions about the assets (approving the assets purchased and the transferors of those assets) and the funding of the conduit (for which new investment must be found on a regular basis)). The right to residual returns of the conduit and the provision of credit enhancement and liquidity facilities expose the sponsor to variability of returns from the activities of the conduit that is different from that of the other investors. Accordingly, that exposure indicates that the sponsor is a principal and thus the sponsor concludes that it controls the conduit. The sponsor’s obligation to act in the best interest of all investors does not prevent the sponsor from being a principal.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>