<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="SL29842" principles="yes" id="IAS08_5"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>5</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 8"/><data name="paranum" value="5"/></prolog><body outputclass="bold"><p id="IAS08_P0010">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings       specified: </p><bodydiv>       <p base="SL141397" id="IAS08_P0011"><i>Accounting policies</i> are the specific principles,         bases, conventions, rules and practices applied by an entity in preparing and presenting         financial statements.</p>            </bodydiv><bodydiv base="IAS2021-1">              <p id="IAS08_5_accountingestimates" outputclass="keep_with_next"><i>Accounting estimates</i>         are monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject to measurement         uncertainty.</p>            </bodydiv><bodydiv>       <p base="SL141399" id="IAS08_P0013"><i>International Financial Reporting Standards         (IFRSs)</i> are Standards and Interpretations issued by the International Accounting         Standards Board (IASB). They comprise:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="SL141400" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS08_L0001"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL141402" id="IAS08_P0014">International Financial Reporting Standards;</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL141404" id="IAS08_P0015">International Accounting Standards;</p>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p base="SL141406" id="IAS08_P0016">IFRIC Interpretations; and</p>         </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p base="F14968369" id="IAS08_P0017">SIC Interpretations.<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS08_FN0002" type="fn"/></p>         </li></ol>     </bodydiv><variants>              <bodydiv>         <p base="SL141407" id="IAS08_P0018"><i>Material</i> is defined in <xref href="ias01/IAS01_7.dita#IAS01_7" id="IAS01_7">paragraph 7 of IAS 1</xref> and is used           in this Standard with the same meaning.</p>                </bodydiv>     </variants><bodydiv>       <p base="SL141408" id="IAS08_P0022"><i>Prior period errors</i> are omissions from, and         misstatements in, the entity’s financial statements for one or more prior periods arising         from a failure to use, or misuse of, reliable information that:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="SL141409" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS08_L0002"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL141411" principles="yes" id="IAS08_P0023">was available when financial             statements for those periods were authorised for issue;  and</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL141413" id="IAS08_P0024">could reasonably be expected to have been obtained and             taken into account in the preparation and presentation of those financial             statements.</p>         </li></ol>     </bodydiv><bodydiv>       <p base="SL141414" id="IAS08_P0025">Such errors include the effects of mathematical mistakes,         mistakes in applying accounting           policies,         oversights or misinterpretations of facts, and fraud.</p>     </bodydiv><bodydiv>       <p base="SL141415" id="IAS08_P0026"><i>Retrospective application</i> is applying a new accounting policy to transactions, other events and         conditions as if that policy had always been applied.</p>     </bodydiv><bodydiv>       <p base="SL141416" id="IAS08_P0027"><i>Retrospective restatement</i> is correcting the         recognition, measurement and disclosure of amounts of elements of financial statements as if         a prior period error had never occurred.</p>     </bodydiv><bodydiv>       <p base="SL141417" principles="yes" id="IAS08_P0028"><i>Impracticable</i>          Applying a         requirement is impracticable when the entity cannot apply it after making every reasonable         effort to do so. For a particular prior period, it is impracticable to apply a change in an         accounting policy retrospectively or to make a retrospective restatement to correct an error         if:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="SL141418" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS08_L0003"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL141420" id="IAS08_P0029">the effects of the retrospective application or             retrospective restatement are not determinable;</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL141422" id="IAS08_P0030">the retrospective application or retrospective             restatement requires assumptions about what management’s intent would have been in that             period; or</p>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p base="SL141424" id="IAS08_P0031">the retrospective application or retrospective             restatement requires significant estimates of amounts and it is impossible to             distinguish objectively information about those estimates that:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="SL141425" type="lower-roman" id="IAS08_L0004"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>               <p base="SL141427" id="IAS08_P0032">provides evidence of circumstances that existed on                 the date(s) as at which those amounts are to be recognised, measured or disclosed;                 and</p>             </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>               <p base="SL141429" id="IAS08_P0033">would have been available when the financial                 statements for that prior period were authorised for issue  from other information.</p>             </li></ol>         </li></ol>     </bodydiv><bodydiv>       <p base="SL141431" id="IAS08_P0034"><i>Prospective application</i> of a change in accounting policy and of recognising the effect of a <ph>change in an </ph><xref href="IAS08_5.dita#IAS08_5/IAS08_5_accountingestimates">accounting estimate<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_accountingestimates"/></ph></xref>, respectively,         are:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="SL141432" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS08_L0005"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL141434" id="IAS08_P0035">applying the new accounting policy to transactions,             other events and conditions occurring after the date as at which the policy is changed;             and</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL141436" id="IAS08_P0036">recognising the effect of the change in the accounting             estimate in the current and future periods affected by the change.</p>         </li></ol>     </bodydiv></body></paragraph>