<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="d5e4605"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IAS08_FN0002">       <p id="IAS08_P0430">Definition of IFRSs amended after the name changes introduced by the revised <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Constitution of the IFRS Foundation</ph></ph> in 2010.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS08_FN0003">       <p id="IAS08_P0431">IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> was adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>. Paragraph 25 was superseded by Chapter 3 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS08_FN0008">       <p id="IAS08_P0436">In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS08_FN0010">       <p id="IAS08_P0438">Paragraph 54G explains how this requirement is amended for regulatory account balances.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS08_54G_FN0001">       <p id="IAS08_54G_FN0001_P0001">The reference is to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> adopted by the Board in 2001.</p>       <p id="IAS08_54G_FN0001_P0002">[Editor’s note: An extract from the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001, is available on the IAS 8 page of the ‘Supporting Implementation’ area of the Foundation’s website, under ‘Supporting Implementation by IFRS Standard’.]</p>       </fn> <fn id="IAS08_FN0016">       <p id="IAS08_P0444">In these examples, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS08_FN0017">       <p id="IAS08_P0445">IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> was adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS08_FN0018">       <p id="IAS08_P0446">References to the <i>Framework</i> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was revised.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS08_FN0019">       <p id="IAS08_P0447">In 2007 the Board was advised that paragraphs 7 and 9 may appear to conflict, and may be misinterpreted to require mandatory consideration of Implementation Guidance. The Board amended paragraphs 7, 9 and 11 by <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph> issued in May 2008 to state that only guidance that is identified as an integral part of IFRSs is mandatory.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS08_FN0020">       <p id="IAS08_P0448">In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS08_FN0021">       <p id="IAS08_P0449">In 2018 the Board issued a revised <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph> (<i>Conceptual Framework</i>). The Board also issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</ph></ph>. That document replaced the reference to the <i>Framework</i> in paragraph 11(b) of IAS 8 with a reference to the <i>Conceptual Framework</i>, except in the case of some regulatory account balances, as explained in paragraphs 54G of IAS 8 and BC38–BC40.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS08_FN0022">       <p>In 2006 the IASB issued IFRS 8 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Operating Segments</ph></ph>. As explained in paragraphs BC46 and BC47 of the Basis for Conclusions on IFRS 8, that IFRS includes an exemption from some requirements if the necessary information is not available and the cost to develop it would be excessive.</p>       </fn>       <fn id="IAS08_BC44_FN0001" base="IAS2021-1">         <p>Measurement uncertainty is defined in the Appendix to the 2018 <i>Conceptual           Framework</i> as the ‘uncertainty that arises when monetary amounts in financial           reports cannot be observed directly and must instead be estimated’.</p>       </fn>       <fn id="IAS08_BC44_FN0002" base="IAS2021-1">         <p>The term ‘monetary amount’ does not have the same meaning as the term ‘monetary           item’ as defined in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 21</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn>       <fn id="IAS08_FN0023">       <p><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Preface to International Financial Reporting Standards</ph></ph> renamed <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Preface to IFRS Standards</ph></ph>, December 2018.</p>       </fn> <fn id="IAS08_BC21A_FN0001">       <p id="IAS08_BC21A_FN0001_P0001">Refer to <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_gBC13A-BC13T.dita#IAS01_gBC13A-BC13T/IAS01_gBC13A-BC13T" scope="local">paragraphs BC13A–BC13T of the Basis for Conclusions on IAS 1</xref>.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>