<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS09_IE129" base="SL32826023"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>IE129</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="IE129"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P2844">Entity B hedges its risk exposures using the following risk management strategy:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS09_L0188" base="SL32826024" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P2845" base="SL32826026">Entity B uses cross-currency interest rate swaps to swap its FC denominated fixed rate liabilities into a variable rate exposure in LC. Entity B hedges its FC denominated liabilities (including the interest) for their entire life. Consequently, Entity B enters into a cross-currency interest rate swap at the same time as it issues an FC denominated liability. Under the cross-currency interest rate swap Entity B receives fixed interest in FC (used to pay the interest on the liability) and pays variable interest in LC.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P2846" base="SL32826028">Entity B considers the cash flows on a hedged liability and on the related cross‑currency interest rate swap as one aggregated variable rate exposure in LC. From time to time, in accordance with its risk management strategy for variable rate interest rate risk (in LC), Entity B decides to lock in its interest payments and hence swaps its aggregated variable rate exposure in LC into a fixed rate exposure in LC. Entity B seeks to obtain as a fixed rate exposure a single blended fixed coupon rate (ie the uniform forward coupon rate for the hedged term that exists at the start of the hedging relationship).<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS09_FN0061" type="fn"/> Consequently, Entity B uses interest rate swaps (denominated entirely in LC) under which it receives variable interest (used to pay the interest on the pay leg of the cross-currency interest rate swap) and pays fixed interest.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>