<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="Edu_d5e60270"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn base="IFRS09_2.1" id="EDUFN-ad2017-june-ap6D-IFRS09">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7743">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, June 2017, Agenda           Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#x2014;Centrally cleared           client derivatives&#x2019;</p>         <p>Some jurisdictions mandate the clearing of particular derivative products through a           central clearing counterparty (CCP). To clear through a CCP, an entity must be a clearing           member (sometimes referred to as a &apos;clearing broker&#x2019;). The types of products required           to be cleared, and the surrounding legal framework, vary across jurisdictions.</p>         <p>The Committee received a request to clarify the accounting for centrally cleared client           derivative contracts from the perspective of the clearing member.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee concluded that the clearing member first           applies the requirements for financial instruments. More specifically, the Committee           observed that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>if the transaction(s) results in contracts that are within the scope of IFRS 9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial                   Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;(or IAS 39&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and                   Measurement</ph></ph>), then the clearing member applies the recognition               requirements in paragraph&#xa0;3.1.1 of IFRS 9 (paragraph&#xa0;14 of IAS 39) to those contracts.               The clearing member presents assets and liabilities separately applying IFRS 9 (or IAS               39) in the statement of financial position, unless net presentation is required               pursuant to the offsetting requirements in paragraph&#xa0;42 of IAS 32.</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>if the transaction(s) is not within the scope of IFRS 9 (IAS 39) and another IFRS               Standard does not specifically apply, only then would the clearing member apply the               hierarchy in paragraphs 10&#x2013;12 of IAS 8&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates                   and Errors</ph></ph>&#xa0;to determine an appropriate accounting policy for the               transaction(s).</p>           </li></ol>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an           adequate basis for a clearing member to account for centrally cleared client derivative           contracts. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this matter to its           standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_2.4" id="IFRS09_FN0005">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7747">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, August 2005, Agenda           Decision, &#x2018;Meaning of delivery&#x2019;</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The IFRIC considered the application of the &#x2018;own purchase,           sale or usage requirements&#x2019; scope exemption in paragraph&#xa0;5 of IAS 39 [now in paragraph&#xa0;2.4           of IFRS 9] when:</p>         <ul><li>             <p>the market design or process imposes a structure or intermediary (eg&#xa0;a gold refiner               or an electricity market operator) that prevents the producer from physically               delivering its production to the counterparty of the hedge pricing contract; and</p>           </li><li>             <p>in some cases, physical delivery is to the intermediary for the spot price, even if               the producer is protected from spot price risk by a separate contract that effectively               sets a fixed price for the producer&#x2019;s production.</p>           </li></ul>         <p>The IFRIC noted that &#x2018;delivery&#x2019; for the purposes of the paragraph&#xa0;5 exemption is not           necessarily restricted to the physical delivery of the underlying to a specific customer,           as physical delivery is not a condition of the exemption. The IFRIC was of the view that           delivery of gold to a refiner in return for an allocation of an equivalent quantity of           refined gold was not delivery, but that allocation of that refined gold to a customer&#x2019;s           account could be regarded as delivery. The IFRIC decided not to develop guidance on the           meaning of &#x2018;delivery&#x2019; as it was not aware of evidence of significant diversity in           practice.</p>         <p>The IFRIC indicated that a synthetic arrangement that results from the linking of a           non-deliverable contract entered into with a customer to fix the price of a commodity with           a transaction to buy or sell the commodity through an intermediary would not satisfy the           paragraph 5 scope exemption.</p>         <p>The IFRIC decided not to add this topic to its agenda, since IAS 39 was clear on both           points.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0; <fn base="IFRS09_2.4" id="IFRS09_2.4_EDUFN0002">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_2.4_EDUFN0002_P0001">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, March           2010, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 39</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>&#x2014;Unit of account for forward contracts with volumetric           optionality&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC received a request to add an item to its agenda on providing guidance on           whether a contract that (a) obliges an entity to deliver (sell) at a fixed price a fixed           number of units of a non-financial item that is readily convertible to cash and (b) that           provides the counterparty with the option to purchase also at a fixed price a fixed number           of additional units of the same item can be assessed as two separate contracts for the           purpose of applying paragraphs 5&#x2013;7 of IAS 39 [now replaced by&#xa0;<xref href="IFRS09_2.4.dita#IFRS09_2.4">paragraphs 2.4</xref>,&#xa0;<xref href="IFRS09_2.6.dita#IFRS09_2.6">2.6</xref>&#xa0;and&#xa0;<xref href="IFRS09_2.7.dita#IFRS09_2.7">2.7 of IFRS 9</xref>].</p>         <p>Although the IFRIC recognised that significant diversity exists in practice, it noted           that the Board has accelerated its project to develop a replacement for IAS 39 and expects           to issue a new standard by the end of 2010. The Board will consider the scope of IAS 39,           including the guidance about contracts to buy or sell non-financial items in IAS 39.5&#x2013;7,           as part of the replacement for that standard. Therefore, the IFRIC decided not to add this           issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0; <fn base="IFRS09_2.4" id="EDUFN-ad2019-march-ap11_IFRS09">                  <p>The Committee received a request about how an entity applies IFRS 9 to particular           contracts to buy or sell a non-financial item in the future at a fixed price. The request           describes two fact patterns in which an entity accounts for such contracts as derivatives           at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL) but nonetheless physically settles the           contracts by either delivering or taking delivery of the underlying non-financial           item.</p>         <p>IFRS 9 must be applied to contracts to buy or sell a non-financial item that can be           settled net in cash or another financial instrument, or by exchanging financial           instruments, as if those contracts were financial instruments, with one exception. That           exception applies to contracts that were entered into and continue to be held for the           purpose of the receipt or delivery of a non-financial item in accordance with the entity&#x2019;s           expected purchase, sale or usage requirements (&#x2018;own use scope exception&#x2019; in paragraph 2.4           of IFRS 9).</p>         <p>In the fact patterns described in the request, the entity concludes that the contracts           are within the scope of IFRS 9 because they do not meet the own use scope exception.           Consequently, the entity accounts for the contracts as derivatives measured at FVPL. The           entity does not designate the contracts as part of a hedging relationship for accounting           purposes.</p>         <p>At the settlement date, the entity physically settles the contracts by either delivering           or taking delivery of the non-financial item. In accounting for that settlement, the           request explains that the entity records the cash paid (in the case of the purchase           contract) or received (in the case of the sale contract) and derecognises the           derivative.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">In addition, the entity:</p>         <ol outputclass="static"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>recognises inventory for the non-financial item at the amount of the cash paid plus               the fair value of the derivative on the settlement date (in the case of the purchase               contract); or</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>recognises revenue for the sale of the non-financial item at the amount of the cash               received plus the fair value of the derivative on the settlement date (in the case of               the sale contract). The request assumes the entity has an accounting policy of               recognising revenue on a gross basis for such contracts.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The request asked whether, in accounting for the physical           settlement of these contracts, the entity is permitted or required to make an additional           journal entry that would:</p>         <ol outputclass="static"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>reverse the accumulated gain or loss previously recognised in profit or loss on the               derivative (even though the fair value of the derivative is unchanged); and</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>recognise a corresponding adjustment to either revenue (in the case of the sale               contract) or inventory (in the case of the purchase contract).</p>           </li></ol>         <p>The Committee observed that, in the fact patterns described in the request, the contracts           are settled by the receipt (or delivery) of a non-financial item in exchange for both cash           and the settlement of the derivative asset or liability. The Committee also observed that           the accounting for contracts that do not meet the own use scope exception in IFRS 9 (and           are accounted for as a derivative) is different from the accounting for contracts that           meet that exception (and are not accounted for as a derivative). Similarly, the accounting           for contracts designated in a hedging relationship for accounting purposes is different           from the accounting for contracts that are not designated in such relationships. Those           differences in accounting reflect differences in the respective requirements. IFRS 9           neither permits nor requires an entity to reassess or change its accounting for a           derivative contract because that contract is ultimately physically settled.</p>         <p>The additional journal entry described in the request would effectively negate the           requirement in IFRS 9 to account for the contract as a derivative because it would reverse           the accumulated fair value gain or loss on the derivative without any basis to do so. The           additional journal entry would also result in the recognition of income or expenses on the           derivative that do not exist.</p>         <p>Consequently, the Committee concluded that IFRS 9 neither permits nor requires an entity           to make the additional journal entry described in the request. However, the Committee           observed that an entity is required to present gains and losses on the derivative, and           disclose information about those amounts, applying applicable IFRS Standards, such as&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>&#xa0;and&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 7</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph>. In           determining what line items to present in profit or loss, the requirements in IAS 1           (including those related to aggregation) are applicable. IAS 1 does not specify           requirements for the presentation of amounts related to the remeasurement of derivatives.           However paragraph 20(a)(i) of IFRS 7 specifies disclosure requirements for net gains or           net losses on financial assets or financial liabilities that are mandatorily measured at           FVPL applying IFRS 9. For these purposes, in the fact patterns described in the request,           there is no gain or loss on the derivative caused by settlement.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an           adequate basis for an entity to conclude on whether it is permitted or required to make           the additional journal entry described in the request. Consequently, the Committee decided           not to add the matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0; <fn base="IFRS09_2.7" id="IFRS09_FN0006">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7748">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, March 2007, Agenda           Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 39</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>&#x2014;Written options in retail energy contracts&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC received a request to interpret what is meant by &#x2018;written option&#x2019; within the           context of paragraph&#xa0;7 of IAS 39 [now in paragraph&#xa0;2.7 of IFRS 9].</p>         <p>Under paragraph&#xa0;7 of IAS 39 a written option to buy or sell a non-financial item that can           be net settled (as defined in paragraph&#xa0;5) cannot be considered to have been entered into           for the purpose of meeting the reporting entity&#x2019;s normal purchase, sale and usage           requirements. The application of this paragraph is illustrated in the current           guidance.</p>         <p>The submission was primarily concerned with the accounting for energy supply contracts to           retail customers.</p>         <p>Analysis of such contracts suggests that in many situations these contracts are not           capable of net cash settlement as laid out in paragraphs&#xa0;5 and 6 of IAS 39. If this is the           case, such contracts would not be considered to be within the scope of IAS 39.</p>         <p>In the light of the above, the IFRIC expected little divergence in practice and therefore           decided not to add the item to the agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0; <fn base="IFRS09_g3.2.1-3.2.23" id="IFRS09_g3.2.1-3.2.23_EDUFN0001">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_g3.2.1-3.2.23_EDUFN0001_P0001">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, March 2009, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 39</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>&#x2014;Derecognition&#x2019;</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The IFRIC was asked:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="decimal"><li><li_value>1.</li_value>             <p>how the derecognition tests in IAS 39 should be applied to groups of financial               assets, in particular, when a group of financial assets should be considered similar;               and</p>           </li><li><li_value>2.</li_value>             <p>when the pass-through tests in IAS 39 should be applied to a transfer of a financial               asset</p>           </li></ol>         <p>At its meeting in July 2006, the IFRIC decided to refer these issues to the Board for           clarification. The Board discussed these issues at its meeting in September 2006 and the           Board&#x2019;s observations were communicated to the IFRIC at its meeting in November 2006. The           IFRIC decided not to add the issue to the agenda. A tentative decision was published in           the November 2006 IFRIC&#xa0;<i>Update</i>.</p>         <p>At its meeting in January 2007, the IFRIC decided to add a limited scope project on           derecognition to its agenda. However, the project has been inactive pending the           availability of staff resources.</p>         <p>Subsequently, the Board has accelerated its project to develop a replacement for the           sections of IAS 39 that would have been interpreted by this IFRIC issue. The Board expects           to issue a new standard on this topic no later than 2010. Therefore the IFRIC decided to           remove this issue from its agenda. [In October 2010 the Board carried forward unchanged           from IAS 39 the requirements related to the derecognition of financial assets and           financial liabilities]]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_3.2.3" id="IFRS09_FN0007">         <p id="IFRS09_P7749">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, May 2016, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;and IAS 39&#xa0;<i>Financial             Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</i>&#x2014;Derecognition of modified financial           assets&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee discussed whether to undertake a potential narrow-scope           project to clarify the requirements in IFRS 9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;and IAS 39&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:               Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph>&#xa0;about when a modification or exchange of           financial assets results in derecognition of the original asset.</p>         <p>Many Interpretations Committee members observed that, in their experience, the           circumstances in which an entity should derecognise financial assets that have been           modified or exchanged is an issue that arises in practice. However, because of the broad           nature of the issue, the Interpretations Committee noted that it could not resolve it in           an efficient manner. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to further           consider such a project.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_3.2.3" id="IFRS09_FN0008">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7750">[IFRIC&#xae; <i>Update</i>, September 2012,           Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               39</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>&#x2014;Derecognition of financial instruments upon modification&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request for guidance on the circumstances in           which the restructuring of Greek government bonds (GGB) should result in derecognition in           accordance with IAS 39 of the whole asset or only part of it. In particular, the           Interpretations Committee has been requested to consider whether:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7751">the portion of the old GGBs that are exchanged for twenty new bonds               with different maturities and interest rates should be derecognised, or conversely               accounted for as a modification or transfer that would not require derecognition?;</p>           </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7752"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 8</ph>                 <ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting                   Estimates and Errors</ph></ph>&#xa0;would be applicable in analysing the submitted fact               pattern?</p>           </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7753">either paragraphs&#xa0;AG8 or AG62 of IAS 39 [paragraph&#xa0;AG62 of IAS 39               is now replaced by paragraph&#xa0;B3.3.6 of IFRS 9] would be applicable to the fact pattern               submitted if the GGBs were not derecognised?</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7754">Exchange of Financial Instruments:           derecognition?</p>         <p id="IFRS09_P7755">The Interpretations Committee noted that the request has been made           within the context of a narrow fact pattern. The narrow fact pattern highlights the           diversity in views that has arisen in relation to the accounting for the portion of the           old GGBs that is exchanged for twenty new bonds with different maturities and interest           rates. The submitter asked the Interpretations Committee to consider whether these should           be derecognised, or conversely accounted for as a modification or transfer that would not           require derecognition.</p>         <p>In addition, the Interpretations Committee has been asked to consider whether IAS 8 would           be applicable in analysing the submitted fact pattern, and whether the exchange can be           considered to be a transfer within the scope of paragraph&#xa0;17(b) of IAS 39 [now           paragraph&#xa0;3.2.3(b) of IFRS 9].</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee observed that the term &#x2018;transfer&#x2019; is not defined in IAS 39.           However, the potentially relevant portion of paragraph&#xa0;18 of IAS 39 [now paragraph&#xa0;3.2.4           of IFRS 9] states that an entity transfers a financial asset if it transfers the           contractual rights to receive the cash flows of the financial asset. The Interpretations           Committee noted that, in the fact pattern submitted, the bonds are transferred back to the           issuer rather than being transferred to a third party. Accordingly, the Interpretations           Committee believed that the transaction should be assessed against paragraph&#xa0;17(a) of IAS           39 [now paragraph&#xa0;3.2.3(a) of IFRS 9].</p>         <p>In applying paragraph&#xa0;17(a), the Interpretations Committee noted that, in order to           determine whether the financial asset is extinguished, it is necessary to assess the           changes made as part of the bond exchange against the notion of &#x2018;expiry&#x2019; of the rights to           the cash flows. The Interpretations Committee also noted that, if an entity applies IAS 8           because of the absence in IAS 39 of an explicit discussion of when a modification of a           financial asset results in derecognition, applying IAS 8 requires judgement to develop and           apply an accounting policy. Paragraph&#xa0;11 of IAS 8 requires that, in determining an           appropriate accounting policy, consideration must first be given to the requirements in           IFRSs that deal with similar and related issues. The Interpretations Committee noted that,           in the fact pattern submitted, that requirement would lead to the development of an           analogy to the notion of a substantial change of the terms of a financial liability in           paragraph&#xa0;40 of IAS 39 [now paragraph&#xa0;3.3.2 of IFRS 9].</p>         <p>Paragraph&#xa0;40 sets out that such a change can be effected by the exchange of debt           instruments or by modification of the terms of an existing instrument. Hence, if this           analogy to financial liabilities is applied to financial assets, a substantial change of           terms (whether effected by exchange or by modification) would result in derecognition of           the financial asset.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that, if the guidance for financial liabilities is           applied by analogy to assess whether the exchange of a portion of the old GGBs for twenty           new bonds is a substantial change of the terms of the financial asset, the assessment           needs to be made taking into consideration all of the changes made as part of the bond           exchange.</p>         <p>In the fact pattern submitted, the relevant facts led the Interpretations Committee to           conclude that, in determining whether the transaction results in the derecognition of the           financial asset, both approaches (ie&#xa0;extinguishment under paragraph&#xa0;17(a) of IAS 39 [now           paragraph&#xa0;3.2.3(a) of IFRS 9] or substantial change of the terms of the asset) would           result in derecognition.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Interpretations Committee considered the following           aspects of the fact pattern in assessing the extent of the change that results from the           transaction:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7756">A holder of a single bond has received, in exchange for one portion               of the old bond, twenty bonds with different maturities and cash flow profiles as well               as other instruments in accordance with the terms and conditions of the exchange               transaction;</p>           </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7757">All of the bond-holders received the same restructuring deal               irrespective of the terms and conditions of their individual holdings. This indicates               that the individual instruments, terms and conditions were not taken into account. The               different bonds (series) were not each modified in contemplation of their respective               terms and conditions but were instead replaced by a new uniform debt structure;</p>           </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7758">The terms and conditions of the new bonds are substantially               different from those of the old bonds. The changes include many different aspects,               such as the change in governing law; the introduction of contractual collective action               clauses and the introduction of a co-financing agreement that affects the rights of               the new bond holders; and modifications to the amount, term and coupons.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IFRS09_P7759">The Interpretations Committee noted that the starting point that it           used for its analysis was the assumption in the submission that the part of the principal           amount of the old GGBs that was exchanged for new GGBs could be separately assessed for           derecognition. The Interpretations Committee emphasised that this assumption was more           favourable for achieving partial derecognition than looking at the whole of the old bond.           Hence, its conclusion that the old GGBs should be derecognised would apply even more so           when taking into account that the exchange of the old GGBs was, as a matter of fact, the           result of a single agreement that covered all aspects and types of consideration for           surrendering the old GGBs. As a consequence, the Interpretations Committee noted that           partial derecognition did not apply.</p>         <p>Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add the issue to its           agenda.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7760">Application of paragraphs AG62 or AG8 of           IAS 39 to the submitted fact pattern</p>         <p id="IFRS09_P7761">The Interpretations Committee noted that the questions raised by the           submitter assume that the old GGBs in the fact pattern would not be derecognised. In the           submitted fact pattern, the Interpretations Committee concluded that the old GGBs are           derecognised. The Interpretations Committee noted that, because of its conclusion on           derecognition, these questions did not need to be answered.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_3.2.4" id="IFRS09_FN0009">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7762">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, November 2005,           Agenda Decision, &#x2018;IAS 39&#xa0;<i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and           Measurement</i>&#x2014;Retention of servicing rights&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC was asked to provide guidance on whether an arrangement under which an entity           has transferred the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of a financial asset but           continues to provide servicing on the transferred asset would fail the definition of a           transfer of cash flows in terms of IAS 39 paragraph 18(a) [now paragraph 3.2.4(a) of IFRS           9].</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that paragraph 18(a) focuses on whether an entity transfers the           contractual rights to receive the cash flows from a financial asset. The determination of           whether the contractual rights to cash flows have been transferred is not affected by the           transferor retaining the role of an agent to administer collection and distribution of           cash flows. Therefore, retention of servicing rights by the entity transferring the           financial asset does not in itself cause the transfer to fail the requirements in           paragraph 18(a) of IAS 39. The IFRIC decided not to add the issue to its agenda as it did           not expect significant diversity in practice to arise.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_3.2.5" id="IFRS09_FN0010">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7763">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, November 2005,           Agenda Decision, &#x2018;IAS 39&#xa0;<i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and           Measurement</i>&#x2014;Revolving structures&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC discussed a request for guidance on whether &#x2018;revolving&#x2019; structures would meet           the pass-through requirements in paragraph&#xa0;19(c) of IAS 39 [now paragraph&#xa0;3.2.5(c) of IFRS           9]. In a revolving structure an entity collects cash flows on behalf of eventual           recipients and uses the amounts collected to purchase new assets instead of remitting the           cash to the eventual recipients. On maturity the principal amount is remitted to the           eventual recipients from the cash flows arising from the reinvested assets.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that in order to meet the pass-through arrangement requirements in IAS 39           paragraph&#xa0;19(c) an entity is required to remit any cash flows it collects on behalf of           eventual recipients without material delay. This paragraph also limits permissible           reinvestments to items that qualify as cash or cash equivalents. Most revolving           arrangements would involve a material delay before the original collection of cash is           remitted. Furthermore, the nature of the new assets typically acquired means that most           revolving arrangements involve reinvestment in assets that would not qualify as cash or           cash equivalents. Therefore, it is clear that such structures would not meet the           requirements in paragraph&#xa0;19(c) of IAS 39. Consequently, the IFRIC decided not to add the           issue to its agenda as it did not expect significant diversity in practice to arise.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_4.1.4" id="IFRS09_FN0011">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7764">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, September 2017,           Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS               9</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#x2014;Financial assets           eligible for the election to present changes in fair value in other comprehensive           income&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Committee received a request asking whether particular financial instruments are           eligible for the presentation election in paragraph&#xa0;4.1.4 of IFRS 9. That election permits           the holder of particular investments in equity instruments to present subsequent changes           in fair value in other comprehensive income, rather than in profit or loss. The submitter           asked whether financial instruments are eligible for that presentation election if the           issuer would classify them as equity applying paragraphs 16A&#x2013;16D of&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that the presentation election in paragraph&#xa0;4.1.4 of IFRS 9 refers           to particular investments in equity instruments. &#x2018;Equity instrument&#x2019; is a defined term,           and Appendix&#xa0;A of IFRS 9 specifies that it is defined in paragraph&#xa0;11 of IAS 32. IAS 32           defines an equity instrument as &#x2018;any contract that evidences a residual interest in the           assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities&#x2019;. Consequently, a financial           instrument that meets the definition of a financial liability cannot meet the definition           of an equity instrument.</p>         <p>The Committee also observed that paragraph&#xa0;11 of IAS 32 specifies that, as an exception,           an instrument that meets the definition of a financial liability is classified as an           equity instrument by the issuer if it has all the features and meets the conditions in           paragraphs&#xa0;16A and 16B or paragraphs&#xa0;16C and 16D of IAS 32.</p>         <p>Accordingly, the Committee concluded that a financial instrument that has all the           features and meets the conditions in paragraphs&#xa0;16A and 16B or paragraphs&#xa0;16C and 16D of           IAS 32 is not eligible for the presentation election in paragraph&#xa0;4.1.4 of IFRS 9. This is           because such an instrument does not meet the definition of an equity instrument in IAS 32.           This conclusion, based on the requirements in IFRS 9 and IAS 32, is supported by the           Board&#x2019;s explanation in paragraph&#xa0;BC5.21 of IFRS 9 of its decision in this respect.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the requirements in IFRS 9 provide an adequate basis for the           holder of the instruments described in the request to classify those instruments.           Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this matter to its standard-setting           agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn id="IFRS09_FN0012">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7765">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, May 2014, Agenda           Decision, &#x2018;IAS 32&#xa0;<i>Financial Instruments: Presentation</i>&#x2014;accounting for a financial           instrument that is mandatorily convertible into a variable number of shares subject to a           cap and a floor&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee discussed how an issuer would account for a particular           mandatorily convertible financial instrument in accordance with IAS 32&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments:               Presentation</ph></ph>&#xa0;and IAS 39&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>&#xa0;or IFRS 9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>. The financial instrument           has a stated maturity date and, at maturity, the issuer must deliver a variable number of           its own equity instruments to equal a fixed cash amount&#x2014;subject to a cap and a floor,           which limit and guarantee, respectively, the number of equity instruments to be           delivered.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that the issuer&#x2019;s obligation to deliver a variable           number of the entity&#x2019;s own equity instruments is a non-derivative that meets the           definition of a financial liability in paragraph&#xa0;11(b)(i) of IAS 32 in its entirety.           Paragraph&#xa0;11(b)(i) of the definition of a liability does not have any limits or thresholds           regarding the degree of variability that is required. Therefore, the contractual substance           of the instrument is a single obligation to deliver a variable number of equity           instruments at maturity, with the variation based on the value of those equity           instruments. Such a single obligation to deliver a variable number of own equity           instruments cannot be subdivided into components for the purposes of evaluating whether           the instrument contains a component that meets the definition of equity. Even though the           number of equity instruments to be delivered is limited and guaranteed by the cap and the           floor, the overall number of equity instruments that the issuer is obliged to deliver is           not fixed and therefore the entire obligation meets the definition of a financial           liability.</p>         <p>Furthermore, the Interpretations Committee noted that the cap and the floor are embedded           derivative features whose values change in response to the price of the issuer&#x2019;s equity           share. Therefore, assuming that the issuer has not elected to designate the entire           instrument under the fair value option, the issuer must separate those features and           account for the embedded derivative features separately from the host liability contract           at fair value through profit or loss in accordance with IAS 39 or IFRS 9.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee considered that in the light of its analysis of the           existing IFRS requirements, an Interpretation was not necessary and consequently decided           not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0; <fn base="IFRS09_4.1.4" id="EDUFN-ad2019-january-ap4a_IAS27">                  <p>The Committee received a request about how an entity applies the requirements in IAS 27           to a fact pattern involving an investment in a subsidiary.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">In the fact pattern described in the request, the entity           preparing separate financial statements:</p>         <ul><li>             <p>elects to account for its investments in subsidiaries at cost applying paragraph 10               of IAS 27.</p>           </li><li>             <p>holds an initial investment in a subsidiary (investee). The investment is an               investment in an equity instrument as defined in paragraph 11 of&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 32</ph>                 <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>.</p>           </li><li>             <p>subsequently disposes of part of its investment and loses control of the investee.               After the disposal, the entity has neither joint control of, nor significant influence               over, the investee.</p>           </li></ul>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The request asked whether:</p>         <ol outputclass="static"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>the investment retained (retained interest) is eligible for the presentation election               in paragraph 4.1.4 of&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph>                 <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>. That election               permits the holder of particular investments in equity instruments to present               subsequent changes in fair value in other comprehensive income (OCI) (Question A).</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>...</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Question A</p>         <p>Paragraph 9 of IAS 27 requires an entity to apply all applicable IFRS Standards in           preparing its separate financial statements, except when accounting for investments in           subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures to which paragraph 10 of IAS 27 applies. After           the partial disposal transaction, the investee is not a subsidiary, associate or joint           venture of the entity. Accordingly, the entity applies IFRS 9 for the first time in           accounting for its retained interest in the investee. The Committee observed that the           presentation election in paragraph 4.1.4 of IFRS 9 applies at initial recognition of an           investment in an equity instrument. An investment in an equity instrument within the scope           of IFRS 9 is eligible for the election if it is neither held for trading (as defined in           Appendix A of IFRS 9) nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business           combination to which&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS               3</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Business Combinations</ph></ph>&#xa0;applies.</p>         <p>In the fact pattern described in the request, assuming the retained interest is not held           for trading, the Committee concluded that (a) the retained interest is eligible for the           presentation election in paragraph 4.1.4 of IFRS 9, and (b) the entity would make this           presentation election when it first applies IFRS 9 to the retained interest (ie at the           date of losing control of the investee).</p>         <p>...</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an           adequate basis for an entity to account for a partial disposal transaction in its separate           financial statements. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this matter to its           standard-setting agenda.</p>         <p>[The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after&#xa0;<xref href="../ias27/IAS27_10.dita">paragraph 10(a) of IAS 27</xref>.]]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_5.1.1" id="IFRS09_FN0014">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7767">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, November 2006,           Agenda Decision, &#x2018;IAS 32&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>&#x2014;Changes in the contractual terms of an           existing equity instrument resulting in it being reclassified to financial liability&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC was asked to consider a situation in which an amendment to the contractual           terms of an equity instrument resulted in the instrument being classified as a financial           liability of the issuer. Two issues were discussed: (i) on what basis the financial           liability should be measured at the date when the terms were changed and (ii) how any           difference between the carrying amount of the previously recognised equity instrument and           the amount of the financial liability recognised at the date when the terms were changed           should be accounted for.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that at the time when the contractual terms were changed, a financial           liability was initially recognised, and, furthermore, that a financial liability on           initial recognition is measured at its fair value in accordance with paragraph&#xa0;43 of IAS             39&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial               Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph>&#xa0;[IFRS 9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial             Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS 39. The requirements of paragraph&#xa0;43 of IAS 39           relating to the initial measurement of financial liabilities were relocated to           paragraph&#xa0;5.1.1 of IFRS 9]. The IFRIC observed that Example&#xa0;3 of IFRIC&#xa0;2&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Members&#x2019; Shares in               Co-operative Entities and Similar Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;deals with a similar           situation. In that example, at the time when the financial liabilities are recognised,           when the terms are changed, they are recognised at their fair value.</p>         <p>The IFRIC observed that the change in the terms of the instrument gave rise to           derecognition of the original equity instrument. The IFRIC noted that paragraph&#xa0;33 of IAS             32&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial               Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>&#xa0;states that no gain or loss shall be recognised in           profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of an entity&#x2019;s own equity           instruments. The IFRIC, therefore, believed that, at the time when the terms were changed,           the difference between the carrying amount of the equity instrument and the fair value of           the newly recognised financial liability should be recognised in equity.</p>         <p>The IFRIC believed that the requirements of IFRS, taken as a whole, were sufficiently           clear and that the issue was not expected to have widespread relevance in practice. The           IFRIC, therefore, decided that the issue should not be taken onto the agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0; <fn base="IFRS09_5.5.8" id="EDUFN-ad2019-march-ap12_IFRS09-2">                  <p>The Committee received a request about how an entity presents amounts recognised in the           statement of profit or loss when a credit-impaired financial asset is subsequently cured           (ie paid in full or no longer credit-impaired).</p>         <p>When a financial asset becomes credit-impaired, paragraph 5.4.1(b) of IFRS 9 requires an           entity to calculate interest revenue by applying the &#x2018;effective interest rate to the           amortised cost of the financial asset&#x2019;. This results in a difference between (a) the           interest that would be calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross           carrying amount of the credit-impaired financial asset; and (b) the interest revenue           recognised for that asset. The request asked whether, following the curing of the           financial asset, an entity can present this difference as interest revenue or, instead, is           required to present it as a reversal of impairment losses.</p>         <p>Appendix A to IFRS 9 defines a credit loss as &#x2018;the difference between all contractual           cash flows that are due to an entity in accordance with the contract and all the cash           flows that the entity expects to receive (ie all cash shortfalls), discounted at the           original effective interest rate&#x2026;&#x2019;. Appendix A also defines the gross carrying amount as           &#x2018;the amortised cost of a financial asset, before adjusting for any loss allowance.&#x2019; The           Committee noted that, based on the definitions in Appendix A to IFRS 9, the gross carrying           amount, amortised cost and loss allowance are discounted amounts, and changes in these           amounts during a reporting period include the effect of the unwinding of the discount.</p>         <p>Paragraph 5.5.8 of IFRS 9 requires an entity to &#x2018;recognise in profit or loss, as an           impairment gain or loss, the amount of expected credit losses (or reversal) that is           required to adjust the loss allowance at the reporting date to the amount that is required           to be recognised in accordance with this Standard.&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Committee observed that, applying paragraph 5.5.8 of IFRS 9, an entity recognises in           profit or loss as a reversal of expected credit losses the adjustment required to bring           the loss allowance to the amount that is required to be recognised in accordance with IFRS           9 (zero if the asset is paid in full). The amount of this adjustment includes the effect           of the unwinding of the discount on the loss allowance during the period that the           financial asset was credit-impaired, which means the reversal of impairment losses may           exceed the impairment losses recognised in profit or loss over the life of the asset.&#xa0;</p>         <p>The Committee also observed that paragraph 5.4.1 specifies how an entity calculates           interest revenue using the effective interest method. Applying paragraph 5.4.1(b), an           entity calculates interest revenue on a credit-impaired financial asset by applying the           effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset, and thus interest           revenue on such a financial asset does not include the difference described in the           request.&#xa0;</p>         <p>Accordingly, the Committee concluded that, in the statement of profit or loss, an entity           is required to present the difference described in the request as a reversal of impairment           losses following the curing of a credit-impaired financial asset.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the requirements in IFRS Standards provide an adequate basis           for an entity to recognise and present the reversal of expected credit losses following           the curing of a credit-impaired financial asset in the fact pattern described in the           request. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this matter to its           standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_6.3.3" id="ad2019-march-ap10_IFRS09andIAS39">                  <p>The Committee received a request about the requirement in IFRS 9 and IAS 39 that a           forecast transaction must be &#x2018;highly probable&#x2019; to qualify as a hedged item in a cash flow           hedge relationship. The request asked how an entity applies that requirement when the           notional amount of the derivative designated as a hedging instrument (load following swap)           varies depending on the outcome of the hedged item (forecast energy sales).</p>         <p>The responses to outreach performed on the request and those received in comment letters           confirmed that the financial instrument described in the request is not common. The           comment letters also confirmed the views expressed by some Committee members that the           request relates to the broader matter of how uncertainty over the timing and magnitude of           a forecast transaction affects the highly probable assessment applying IFRS 9 and IAS           39.&#xa0;</p>         <p>The Committee observed that, in a cash flow hedge, a forecast transaction can be a hedged           item if, and only if, it is highly probable (paragraphs 6.3.1 and 6.3.3 of IFRS 9 and           paragraphs 86(b) and 88(c) of IAS 39). When assessing whether a forecast transaction (in           the request, the forecast energy sales) is highly probable, an entity considers           uncertainty over both the timing and magnitude of the forecast transaction (paragraphs           F.3.7 and F.3.11 of the Implementation Guidance accompanying IAS 39).</p>         <p>The Committee also observed that, for hedge accounting purposes, the entity must document           the forecast energy sales with sufficient specificity in terms of timing and magnitude so           that when such transactions occur the entity can identify whether the transaction is the           hedged transaction. Consequently, the forecast energy sales cannot be specified solely as           a percentage of sales during a period because that would lack the required specificity           (paragraphs F.3.10 and F.3.11 of the Implementation Guidance accompanying IAS 39).</p>         <p>In addition, the Committee observed that the terms of the hedging instrument (in the           request, the load following swap) do not affect the highly probable assessment because the           highly probable requirement is applicable to the hedged item.</p>         <p>The Committee noted that the highly probable requirement in IFRS 9 is not new; IAS 39           includes the same requirement. The Board decided not to carry forward any of the hedge           accounting related Implementation Guidance that accompanied IAS 39; nonetheless paragraph           BC6.95 of IFRS 9 explains that not carrying forward the Implementation Guidance did not           mean that the Board had rejected that guidance.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the requirements in IFRS 9 and IAS 39 provide an adequate           basis for an entity to determine whether a forecast transaction is highly probable.           Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this matter to its standard-setting           agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_6.3.7(a)" id="EDUFN-ad2019-september-ap9_IFRS09">                  <p>The Committee received two requests about fair value hedge accounting applying IFRS 9.           Both requests asked whether foreign currency risk can be a separately identifiable and           reliably measurable risk component of a non-financial asset held for consumption that an           entity can designate as the hedged item in a fair value hedge accounting relationship.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Hedge accounting requirements in IFRS           9</p>         <p>The objective of hedge accounting is to represent, in the financial statements, the           effect of an entity&#x2019;s risk management activities that use financial instruments to manage           exposures arising from particular risks that could affect profit or loss (or, in some           cases, other comprehensive income) (paragraph 6.1.1 of IFRS 9).</p>         <p>If all the qualifying criteria specified in IFRS 9 are met, an entity may choose to           designate a hedging relationship between a hedging instrument and a hedged item. One type           of hedge accounting relationship is a fair value hedge, in which an entity hedges the           exposure to changes in fair value of a hedged item that is attributable to a particular           risk and could affect profit or loss.</p>         <p>An entity may designate an item in its entirety, or a component of an item, as a hedged           item. A risk component may be designated as the hedged item if, based on an assessment           within the context of the particular market structure, that risk component is separately           identifiable and reliably measurable.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">In considering the request, the Committee assessed the           following:</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><i>Can an entity have exposure to foreign currency risk on a             non-financial asset held for consumption that could affect profit or loss?</i></p>         <p>Paragraph 6.5.2(a) of IFRS 9 describes a fair value hedge as &#x2018;a hedge of the exposure to           changes in fair value of a recognised asset or liability or an unrecognised firm           commitment, or a component of any such item, that is attributable to a particular risk and           could affect profit or loss&#x2019;.</p>         <p>Therefore, in the context of a fair value hedge, foreign currency risk arises when           changes in exchange rates result in changes in the fair value of the underlying item that           could affect profit or loss.</p>         <p>Depending on the particular facts and circumstances, a non-financial asset might be           priced&#x2014;and its fair value determined&#x2014;only in one currency at a global level and that           currency is not the entity&#x2019;s functional currency. If the fair value of a non-financial           asset is determined in a foreign currency, applying&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 21</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange             Rates</ph></ph>, the measure of fair value that could affect profit or loss is the fair           value translated into an entity&#x2019;s functional currency (translated fair value). The           translated fair value of such a non-financial asset would change as a result of changes in           the applicable exchange rate in a given period, even if the fair value (determined in the           foreign currency) were to remain constant. The Committee therefore observed that in such           circumstances an entity is exposed to foreign currency risk.</p>         <p>IFRS 9 does not require changes in fair value to be expected to affect profit or loss           but, rather, that those changes could affect profit or loss. The Committee observed that           changes in fair value of a non-financial asset held for consumption could affect profit or           loss if, for example, the entity were to sell the asset before the end of the asset&#x2019;s           economic life.</p>         <p>Consequently, the Committee concluded that, depending on the particular facts and           circumstances, it is possible for an entity to have exposure to foreign currency risk on a           non-financial asset held for consumption that could affect profit or loss. This would be           the case when, at a global level, the fair value of a non-financial asset is determined           only in one currency and that currency is not the entity&#x2019;s functional currency.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><i>If an entity has exposure to foreign currency risk on a             non-financial asset, is it a separately identifiable and reliably measurable risk             component?</i></p>         <p>Paragraph 6.3.7 of IFRS 9 permits an entity to designate a risk component of an item as           the hedged item if, &#x2018;based on an assessment within the context of the particular market           structure, the risk component is separately identifiable and reliably measurable&#x2019;.&#xa0;</p>         <p>Paragraph 82 of&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               39</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>&#xa0;permits the designation of non-financial items as hedged items           only for a) foreign currency risks, or b) in their entirety for all risks, &#x2018;because of the           difficulty of isolating and measuring the appropriate portion of the cash flows or fair           value changes attributable to specific risks other than foreign currency risks&#x2019;. Paragraph           BC6.176 of IFRS 9 indicates that, in developing the hedge accounting requirements in IFRS           9, the Board did not change its view that there are situations in which foreign currency           risk can be separately identified and reliably measured. That paragraph states that the           Board &#x2018;learned from its outreach activities that there are circumstances in which entities           are able to identify and measure many risk components (not only foreign currency risk) of           non-financial items with sufficient reliability&#x2019;.</p>         <p>Consequently, the Committee concluded that foreign currency risk can be a separately           identifiable and reliably measurable risk component of a non-financial asset. Whether that           is the case will depend on an assessment of the particular facts and circumstances within           the context of the particular market structure.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that foreign currency risk is separately identifiable and reliably           measurable when the risk being hedged relates to changes in fair value arising from           translation into an entity&#x2019;s functional currency of fair value that, based on an           assessment within the context of the particular market structure, is determined globally           only in one currency and that currency is not the entity&#x2019;s functional currency. The           Committee noted, however, that the fact that market transactions are commonly settled in a           particular currency does not necessarily mean that this is the currency in which the           non-financial asset is priced&#x2014;and thus the currency in which its fair value is           determined.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><i>Can the designation of foreign currency risk on a             non-financial asset held for consumption be consistent with an entity&#x2019;s risk management             activities?</i></p>         <p>Paragraph 6.4.1(b) of IFRS 9 requires that, at the inception of a hedging relationship,           &#x2018;there is formal designation and documentation of the hedging relationship and the           entity&#x2019;s risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge&#x2019;. Accordingly,           the Committee observed that, applying IFRS 9, an entity can apply hedge accounting only if           it is consistent with the entity&#x2019;s risk management objective and strategy for managing its           exposure. An entity therefore cannot apply hedge accounting solely on the grounds that it           identifies items in its statement of financial position that are measured differently but           are subject to the same type of risk.</p>         <p>To the extent that an entity intends to consume a non-financial asset (rather than to           sell it), the Committee observed that changes in the fair value of the non-financial asset           may be of limited significance to the entity. In such cases, an entity is unlikely to be           managing and using hedging instruments to hedge risk exposures on the non-financial asset           and, in that case, it cannot apply hedge accounting.</p>         <p>The Committee expects that an entity would manage and hedge exposure to foreign currency           risk on the fair value of non-financial assets held for consumption only in very limited           circumstances&#x2014;in such circumstances, an entity would use hedging instruments to hedge only           foreign currency risk exposure that it expects will affect profit or loss. This may be the           case, for example, if (a) the entity expects to sell the non-financial asset (eg an item           of property, plant and equipment) part-way through its economic life; (b) the expected           residual value of the asset at the date of expected sale is significant; and (c) the           entity manages and uses hedging instruments to hedge the foreign currency risk exposure           only on the residual value of the asset.</p>         <p>Furthermore, the Committee observed that risk management activities that aim only to           reduce foreign exchange volatility arising from translating a financial liability           denominated in a foreign currency applying IAS 21 are inconsistent with the designation of           foreign exchange risk on a non-financial asset as the hedged item in a fair value hedge           accounting relationship. In such circumstances, the entity is managing the foreign           currency risk exposure arising on the financial liability, rather than managing the risk           exposure arising on the non-financial asset.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Other considerations</p>         <p>An entity applies all other applicable requirements in IFRS 9 in determining whether it           can apply fair value hedge accounting in its particular circumstances, including           requirements related to the designation of the hedged item and hedging instrument, and           hedge effectiveness. For example, an entity would consider how its hedge accounting           designation addresses any differences in the size, depreciation/amortisation pattern and           expected sale/maturity of the hedged item and the hedging instrument.</p>         <p>For any risk exposure for which an entity elects to apply hedge accounting, the entity           also makes the disclosures required by&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 7</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph>&#xa0;related to           hedge accounting. The Committee noted, in particular, that paragraphs 22A&#x2013;22C of IFRS 7           require the disclosure of information about an entity&#x2019;s risk management strategy and how           it is applied to manage risk.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS 9 provide an           adequate basis for an entity to determine whether foreign currency risk can be a           separately identifiable and reliably measurable risk component of a non-financial asset           held for consumption that an entity can designate as the hedged item in a fair value hedge           accounting relationship. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add the matter to its           standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0; <fn base="IFRS09_6.5.13" id="IFRS09_FN0016">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7769">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, March 2016, Agenda           Decision, &#x2018;IFRS 9&#xa0;<i>Financial Instruments</i>&#x2014;Determining hedge effectiveness for net           investment hedges&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify how an entity should           determine hedge effectiveness when accounting for net investment hedges in accordance with           IFRS 9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial               Instruments</ph></ph>. Specifically, the submitter asked whether, when accounting for           net investment hedges, an entity should apply the &#x2018;lower of&#x2019; test required for cash flow           hedges in determining the effective portion of the gains or losses arising from the           hedging instrument.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Interpretations Committee observed that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7770">paragraph&#xa0;6.5.13 of IFRS 9 states that &#x2018;hedges of a net investment               in a foreign operation &#x2026; shall be accounted for similarly to cash flow hedges &#x2026;&#x2019;.               Paragraph&#xa0;6.5.13(a), which focusses on net investment hedges, also references               paragraph&#xa0;6.5.11, which deals with the accounting for cash flow hedges; this includes               the &#x2018;lower of&#x2019; test. This indicates that, when accounting for net investment hedges,               an entity should apply the &#x2018;lower of&#x2019; test in determining the effective portion of the               gains or losses arising from the hedging instrument.</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7771">in determining the effective portion of the gains or losses arising               from the hedging instrument when accounting for net investment hedges, the application               of the &#x2018;lower of&#x2019; test avoids the recycling of exchange differences arising from the               hedged item that have been recognised in other comprehensive income before the               disposal of the foreign operation. The Interpretations Committee noted that such an               outcome would be consistent with the requirements of IAS 21&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">The Effects of Changes                   in Foreign Exchange Rates</ph></ph>.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7772">In addition, the Interpretations Committee           noted the following:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7773">it did not receive evidence of significant diversity among entities               applying IAS 39&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph>&#xa0;in determining the               effective portion of the gains or losses arising from the hedging instrument by               applying the &#x2018;lower of&#x2019; test when accounting for net investment hedges.</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7774">few entities have yet adopted the hedging requirements in IFRS 9;               consequently, it is too early to assess whether the issue is widespread. However, the               Interpretations Committee expects no significant diversity to arise when IFRS 9 is               adopted more widely.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>In the light of the existing requirements in IFRS Standards, the Interpretations           Committee decided that neither an Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was           necessary. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to           its agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_7.2.24" id="IFRS09_FN0017">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7775">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, January 2016,           Agenda Decision, &#x2018;IFRS 9&#xa0;<i>Financial Instruments</i>&#x2014;Transition issues relating to           hedging&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request for guidance in respect of two issues           pertaining to hedge designation and hedge accounting in situations in which an entity           makes the transition from IAS 39&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>&#xa0;to IFRS 9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">More specifically, the Interpretations Committee has been           asked to consider:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7776">whether an entity can treat a hedging relationship as a continuing               hedging relationship on transition from IAS 39 to IFRS 9 if the entity changes the               hedged item in a hedging relationship from an entire non&#x2011;financial item (as permitted               by IAS 39) to a component of the non&#x2011;financial item (as permitted by IFRS 9) in order               to align the hedge with the entity&#x2019;s risk management objective (Issue&#xa0;1); and</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7777">whether an entity can continue with its original hedge designation               of the entire non-financial item on transition to IFRS 9 when the entity&#x2019;s risk               management objective is to hedge only a component of the non-financial item               (Issue&#xa0;2).</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IFRS09_P7778">In relation to Issue 1, the Interpretations Committee noted that when           an entity changes the hedged item in a hedging relationship from an entire non-financial           item to a component of the non-financial item upon transition to IFRS 9, it is required to           do so on a prospective basis as described in paragraph&#xa0;7.2.22 of IFRS 9. The           Interpretations Committee also noted that changing the hedged item while continuing the           original hedge relationship would be equivalent to the retrospective application of the           hedge accounting requirements in IFRS 9, which is prohibited except in the limited           circumstances described in paragraph&#xa0;7.2.26 of IFRS 9. The Interpretations Committee           observed that in the example presented in Issue&#xa0;1, the exceptions in paragraph&#xa0;7.2.26 do           not apply and therefore the original hedge relationship could not be treated as a           continuing hedge relationship on transition to IFRS 9.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7779">In relation to Issue&#xa0;2, the           Interpretations Committee observed that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7780">paragraphs&#xa0;BC6.97, BC6.98 and BC6.100 of IFRS 9 support the use of               hedge designations that are not exact copies of actual risk management (&#x2018;proxy               hedging&#x2019;) as long as they reflect risk management in that they relate to the same type               of risk that is being managed and the same type of instruments that are being used for               that purpose; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7781">the use of proxy hedging in cases in which it reflects the entity&#x2019;s               risk management (that is, where it relates to the same type of risk that is being               managed and the same type of instruments that are being used for that purpose) did not               appear to be restricted to instances in which IFRS 9 had prohibited an entity from               designating hedged items in accordance with its actual risk management.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IFRS09_P7782">As a result, the Interpretations Committee noted that hedge           designations of an entire non-financial item could continue on transition to IFRS 9 as           long as they meet the qualifying criteria in IFRS 9.</p>         <p id="IFRS09_P7783">In the light of existing IFRS requirements, the Interpretations           Committee determined that neither an Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was           necessary. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to           its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS09_AppA-held-for-trading" id="IFRS09_FN0018">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7784">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, August 2002, Agenda           Decision, &#x2018;Own shares that are held for trading purposes&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC considered providing guidance on whether an exception from&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;16</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Share Capital&#x2014;Reacquired Own Equity Instruments               (Treasury Shares)</ph></ph>&#xa0;should be made for own shares that are held for trading           purposes in order to allow them to be measured at fair value with changes in value being           reported in the income statement. The IFRIC agreed not to issue an Interpretation, because           IAS 39 and SIC&#x2011;16 are clear that: (a)&#xa0;own shares should be treated as a deduction from           equity in all circumstances, (b)&#xa0;they may not be classified as an asset that is held for           trading; and (c)&#xa0;no gain or loss is recognised in the income statement on such shares.           [These issues were considered as part of the process of improving IAS 32. SIC&#x2011;16 was           superseded by IAS 32 (as revised in December 2003).]]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_AppA-held-for-trading" id="IFRS09_FN0019">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7785">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, August 2002, Agenda           Decision, &#x2018;Own shares that are held for trading purposes&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC considered providing guidance on whether an exception from&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;16</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Share Capital&#x2014;Reacquired Own Equity Instruments               (Treasury Shares)</ph></ph>&#xa0;should be made for own shares that are held for trading           purposes in order to allow them to be measured at fair value with changes in value being           reported in the income statement. The IFRIC agreed not to issue an Interpretation, because           IAS 39 and SIC&#x2011;16 are clear that: (a)&#xa0;own shares should be treated as a deduction from           equity in all circumstances, (b)&#xa0;they may not be classified as an asset that is held for           trading; and (c)&#xa0;no gain or loss is recognised in the income statement on such shares.           [These issues were considered as part of the process of improving IAS 32. SIC&#x2011;16 was           superseded by IAS 32 (as revised in December 2003).]]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_APPA-derivative" id="IFRS09_APPA-derivative_EDUFN0001">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_APPA-derivative_P0001">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>,           January 2007, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;IAS 39&#xa0;<i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</i>&#x2014;Definition of a derivative: Indexation on own EBITDA or own revenue&#x2019;</p>         <p>In July 2006 the IFRIC published a tentative agenda decision that explained why it had           decided not to issue guidance on whether a contract that is indexed to an entity&#x2019;s own           revenue or own earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EDITDA) is           (or might contain) a derivative. [The definition of derivative in IFRS 9 is the same as           that in IAS 39]</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The tentative agenda decision addressed two issues:</p>         <ul><li>             <p>whether the exclusion from the definition of a derivative of contracts linked to               non-financial variables that are specific to a party to the contract applies only to               insurance contracts&#xa0;</p>           </li><li>             <p>whether EBITDA or revenue is a financial or nonfinancial variable.</p>           </li></ul>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The tentative agenda decision concluded that:</p>         <ul><li>             <p>the exclusion from the definition of a derivative of contracts linked to               non-financial variables that are specific to a party to the contract is not restricted               to insurance contracts, on the basis of the current drafting of the standard; and</p>           </li><li>             <p>although IAS 39 is unclear whether revenue or EBITDA is a financial or non-financial               variable, the IFRIC would not take this issue onto its agenda because it was unlikely               to reach a consensus on a timely basis.</p>           </li></ul>         <p>At the January 2007 meeting, the IFRIC decided to withdraw the tentative agenda           decision.</p>         <p>Having reconsidered the issue, the IFRIC noted that taking no action would allow           continued significant diversity in practice regarding how financial and non-financial           variables were determined. Consequently, the IFRIC directed the staff to refer the issue           to the Board.</p>         <p>The IFRIC recommended that the Board should amend IAS 39 (possibly as part of the annual           improvements process) to limit to insurance contracts the exclusion from the definition of           a derivative of contracts linked to non-financial variables that are specific to a party           to the contract.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0; <fn base="IFRS09_B3.1.3" id="IFRS09_FN0021">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7787">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, January 2007,           Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               39</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>&#x2014;Short trading&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC received a submission regarding the accounting for short sales of securities           when the terms of the short sales require delivery of the securities within the time frame           established generally by regulation or convention in the marketplace concerned. A fixed           price commitment between trade date and settlement date of a short sale contract meets the           definition of a derivative according to&#xa0;<xref base="F41907134" href="../ias39/IAS39_9.dita#IAS39_9/IAS39_9_V1" id="IFRS09_X3383">IAS 39             paragraph&#xa0;9</xref>&#xa0;[now in&#xa0;<xref base="F41907135" href="IFRS09_APPA.dita#IFRS09_APPA" id="IFRS09_X3384">Appendix&#xa0;A to IFRS 9</xref>]. However, the submission noted that           entities that enter into regular way purchase or sales of financial assets are allowed to           choose trade date or settlement date accounting in accordance with&#xa0;IAS 39 paragraph&#xa0;38           [now replaced by&#xa0;<xref href="IFRS09_3.1.2.dita">paragraph 3.1.2 of IFRS           9</xref>]. Therefore, the issue was whether short sales of securities should be eligible           for the regular way exceptions (ie whether entities that enter into short sales are           permitted to choose trade date or settlement date accounting).</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that&#xa0;paragraphs&#xa0;AG55 and AG56 of IAS 39 [now replaced by&#xa0;<xref href="IFRS09_B3.1.5.dita" scope="local">paragraphs B3.1.5</xref>&#xa0;and&#xa0;<xref href="IFRS09_B3.1.6.dita" scope="local">B3.1.6 of IFRS 9</xref>]&#xa0;address the           recognition and derecognition of financial assets traded under regular way purchases and           regular way sales of long positions. If the regular way exceptions are not applicable to           short sales of securities, such short sales should be accounted for as derivatives and be           measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.</p>         <p>The IFRIC received several comment letters explaining an interpretation of&#xa0;<xref base="F41907138" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC0001" id="IFRS09_X3387">IAS             39</xref>&#xa0;that is commonly used in practice. Under that interpretation, entities that           enter into short sales of securities are allowed to choose trade date or settlement date           accounting. Specifically, practice recognises the short sales as financial liabilities at           fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Under the industry           practice, the same profit or loss amount is recognised as would have been recognised if           short sales of securities were accounted for as derivatives but the securities are           presented differently on the balance sheet.</p>         <p>The IFRIC acknowledged that requiring entities to account for the short positions as           derivatives might create considerable practical problems for their accounting systems and           controls with little, if any, improvement to the quality of the financial information           presented. For these reasons and because there was little diversity in practice, the IFRIC           decided not to add the issue to the agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_B3.2.15" id="IFRS09_FN0022">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7788">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, March 2017, Agenda           Decision, &#x2018;Commodity loans&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Committee received a request on how to account for a commodity loan transaction.           Specifically, the transaction is one in which a bank borrows gold from a third party           (Contract&#xa0;1) and then lends that gold to a different third party for the same term and for           a higher fee (Contract&#xa0;2). The bank enters into the two contracts in contemplation of each           other, but the contracts are not linked&#x2014;ie the bank negotiates the contracts independently           of each other. In each contract, the borrower obtains legal title to the gold at inception           and has an obligation to return, at the end of the contract, gold of the same quality and           quantity as that received. In exchange for the loan of gold, each borrower pays a fee to           the respective lender over the term of the contract but there are no cash flows at           inception of the contract.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee was asked whether, for the term of the two           contracts, the bank that borrows and then lends the gold recognises:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7789">an asset representing the gold (or the right to receive gold);               and</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7790">a liability representing the obligation to deliver gold.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IFRS09_P7791">The Committee observed that the particular transaction in the           submission might not be clearly captured within the scope of any IFRS Standard. [<i>The             Committee observed, however, that particular IFRS Standards would apply to other             transactions involving commodities (for example, the purchase of commodities for use in             an entity&#x2019;s production process, or the sale of commodities to customers).</i>] In the           absence of a Standard that specifically applies to a transaction, an entity applies           paragraphs 10 and 11 of IAS 8&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and               Errors</ph></ph>&#xa0;in developing and applying an accounting policy to the transaction.           In doing so, paragraph&#xa0;11 of IAS 8 requires an entity to consider:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7792">whether there are requirements in IFRS Standards dealing with               similar and related issues; and, if not;</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7793">how to account for the transaction applying the definitions,               recognition criteria and measurement concepts for assets, liabilities, income and               expenses in the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IFRS09_P7794">The Committee noted that, applying paragraph&#xa0;10 of IAS 8, the           accounting policy developed must result in information that is (i) relevant to the           economic decision-making needs of users of financial statements; and (ii) reliable&#x2014;ie           represents faithfully the financial position, financial performance and cash flows of the           entity; reflects the economic substance; and is neutral, prudent and complete in all           material respects. The Committee observed that, in considering the requirements that deal           with similar and related issues, an entity considers all the requirements dealing with           those similar and related issues, including relevant disclosure requirements.</p>         <p>The Committee also observed that the requirements in paragraph&#xa0;112(c) of IAS 1&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial               Statements</ph></ph>&#xa0;are relevant if an entity develops an accounting policy applying           paragraphs&#xa0;10 and 11 of IAS 8 for a commodity loan transaction such as that described in           the submission. In applying these requirements, an entity considers whether additional           disclosures are needed to provide information relevant to an understanding of the           accounting for, and risks associated with, such commodity loan transactions.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that it would be unable to resolve the question asked efficiently           within the confines of existing IFRS Standards. The wide range of transactions involving           commodities means that any narrow-scope standard-setting activity would be of limited           benefit to entities and would have a high risk of unintended consequences. Consequently,           the Committee decided not to add this matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn id="IFRS09_APPA-derivative_EDUFN0002">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_APPA-derivative_EDUFN0002_P0001">[IFRIC&#xae; Update,           July 2007, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;IAS 39&#xa0;<i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</i>&#x2014;Gaming transactions&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC considered a submission relating to the accounting for wagers received by a           gaming institution.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The IFRIC noted the definitions of financial assets and           financial liabilities in IAS 32&#xa0;<i>Financial Instruments: Presentation</i>, and the           application guidance in paragraph AG8 of IAS 32. It noted that when a gaming institution           takes a position against a customer, the resulting unsettled wager is a financial           instrument that is likely to meet the definition of a derivative financial instrument and           should be accounted for under IAS 39 [The definition of derivative in IFRS 9 is the same           as that in IAS 39].</p>         <p>In other situations, a gaming institution does not take positions against customers but           instead provides services to manage the organisation of games between two or more gaming           parties. The gaming institution earns a commission for such services regardless of the           outcome of the wager. The IFRIC noted that such a commission was likely to meet the           definition of revenue and would be recognised when the conditions in IAS           18&#xa0;<i>Revenue</i>&#xa0;were met.</p>         <p>The IFRIC did not consider that there was widespread divergence in practice in this area           and therefore decided not to take the issue on to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn id="IFRS09_FN0023">         <p id="IFRS09_P7795">[IFRIC&#xa0;<i>Update</i>&#x2014;January 2015: IAS 39&#xa0;<i>Financial Instruments:             Recognition and Measurement&#x2014;accounting for embedded foreign currency derivatives in host             contracts</i>&#xa0;The Interpretations Committee received a request related to the &#x2018;closely           related&#x2019; criterion in paragraph&#xa0;11 of IAS 39&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>&#xa0;to determine whether an embedded derivative should be separated           from a host contract and accounted for as a derivative in accordance with IAS 39. More           specifically, the Interpretations Committee was asked to consider whether an embedded           foreign currency derivative in a licence agreement is closely related to the economic           characteristics of the host contract, on the basis that the currency in which the licence           agreement is denominated is the currency in which commercial transactions in that type of           licence agreement are routinely denominated around the world (ie the           &#x2018;routinely-denominated&#x2019; criterion in paragraph&#xa0;AG33(d)(ii) of IAS 39           [paragraph&#xa0;B4.3.8(d)(ii) of IFRS 9]). The Interpretations Committee noted that the issue           related to a contract for a specific type of item and observed that an assessment of the           routinely-denominated criterion is based on evidence of whether or not such commercial           transactions are denominated in that currency all around the world and not merely in one           local area. The Interpretations Committee further observed that the assessment of the           routinely-denominated criterion is a question of fact and is based on an assessment of           available evidence. On the basis of the analysis above, the Interpretations Committee           determined that, in the light of the existing IFRS requirements, sufficient guidance           exists and that neither an Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was necessary.           Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its           agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0; <fn base="IFRS09_B4.3.8" id="IFRS09_FN0025">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7797">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, January 2016,           Agenda Decision, &#x2018;IAS 39&#xa0;<i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and           Measurement</i>&#x2014;Separation of an embedded floor from a floating rate host contract&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify the application of the           embedded derivative requirements of IAS 39&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>&#xa0;in a negative interest rate environment. Specifically, the           Interpretations Committee considered:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7798">whether paragraph&#xa0;AG33(b) of IAS 39 should apply to an embedded               interest rate floor in a floating rate host debt contract in a negative interest rate               environment; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7799">how to determine the &#x2018;market rate of interest&#x2019; referred to in that               paragraph.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7800">The Interpretations Committee observed           that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7801">paragraph&#xa0;AG33(b) of IAS 39 should be applied to an interest rate               floor in a negative interest rate environment in the same way as it would be applied               in a positive interest rate environment;</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7802">when applying paragraph&#xa0;AG33(b) of IAS 39, in a positive or               negative interest rate environment, an entity should compare the overall interest rate               floor (ie the benchmark interest rate referenced in the contract plus contractual               spreads and if applicable any premiums, discounts or other elements that would be               relevant to the calculation of the effective interest rate) for the hybrid contract to               the market rate of interest for a similar contract without the interest rate floor (ie               the host contract); and</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7803">in order to determine the appropriate market rate of interest for               the host contract, an entity is required to consider the specific terms of the host               contract and the relevant spreads (including credit spreads) appropriate for the               transaction.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7804">In making these observations, the           Interpretations Committee noted the following:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7805">paragraph&#xa0;AG33(b) of IAS 39 makes no distinction between positive               and negative interest rates and, therefore, the requirements of that paragraph should               be applied consistently in both cases;</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7806">paragraph&#xa0;AG33(b) of IAS 39 requires an entity to identify whether               an embedded interest rate floor is closely related to a host debt contract and makes               no reference to individual components of an embedded interest rate floor (such as the               benchmark interest rate); and</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7807">the term &#x2018;market rate of interest&#x2019; is linked to the concept of fair               value as defined in IFRS 13&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>&#xa0;and is described in               paragraph&#xa0;AG64 of IAS 39 as the rate of interest &#x2018;for a similar instrument (similar as               to currency, term, type of interest rate and other factors) with a similar credit               rating&#x2019;.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IFRS09_P7808">The Interpretations Committee also observed that paragraphs&#xa0;B4.3.8(b)           and B5.1.1 of IFRS 9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replicate the requirements of paragraphs&#xa0;AG33(b) and           AG64 of IAS 39 respectively. Consequently, the observations noted in this agenda decision           would be equally applicable to financial liabilities accounted for in accordance with IFRS           9.</p>         <p id="IFRS09_P7809">In the light of the existing IFRS requirements, the Interpretations           Committee determined that neither an Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was           necessary. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to           its agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_B4.3.8" id="IFRS09_FN0026">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7810">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, January 2015,           Agenda Decision, &#x2018;IAS 39&#xa0;<i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and           Measurement</i>&#x2014;accounting for embedded foreign currency derivatives in host           contracts&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request related to the &#x2018;closely related&#x2019;           criterion in paragraph&#xa0;11 of IAS 39&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>&#xa0;to determine whether an embedded derivative should be separated           from a host contract and accounted for as a derivative in accordance with IAS 39.</p>         <p>More specifically, the Interpretations Committee was asked to consider whether an           embedded foreign currency derivative in a licence agreement is closely related to the           economic characteristics of the host contract, on the basis that the currency in which the           licence agreement is denominated is the currency in which commercial transactions in that           type of licence agreement are routinely denominated around the world (ie the           &#x2018;routinely-denominated&#x2019; criterion in paragraph&#xa0;AG33(d)(ii) of IAS 39           [paragraph&#xa0;B4.3.8(d)(ii) of IFRS 9]).</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that the issue related to a contract for a specific           type of item and observed that an assessment of the routinely-denominated criterion is           based on evidence of whether or not such commercial transactions are denominated in that           currency all around the world and not merely in one local area. The Interpretations           Committee further observed that the assessment of the routinely-denominated criterion is a           question of fact and is based on an assessment of available evidence.</p>         <p>On the basis of the analysis above, the Interpretations Committee determined that, in the           light of the existing IFRS requirements, sufficient guidance exists and that neither an           Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was necessary. Consequently, the           Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0; <fn base="IFRS09_B5.4.5" id="IFRS09_B5.4.5_EDUFN0001">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_B5.4.5_EDUFN0001_P0001">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>,           July 2008, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;Application of the effective interest rate method&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC was asked for guidance on the application of the effective interest rate method           to a financial instrument whose cash flows are linked to changes in an inflation index.           The submission suggested three possible approaches.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that paragraphs AG6&#x2013;AG8 of&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 39</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>&#xa0;[now replaced by&#xa0;<xref href="IFRS09_B5.4.4.dita">paragraphs B5.4.4&#x2013;B5.4.6 of IFRS 9</xref>]&#xa0;provide the relevant application guidance.           Judgement is required to determine whether an instrument is a floating rate instrument           within the scope of paragraph AG7 or an instrument within the scope of paragraph AG8.</p>         <p>In view of the existing application guidance in IAS 39, the IFRIC decided not to add this           issue to its agenda. However, the IFRIC referred the issue to the Board with a           recommendation that the Board should consider clarifying or expanding that application           guidance.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0; <fn id="IFRS09_gB5.4.1-B5.4.7_EDUFN0001">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_gB5.4.1-B5.4.7_EDUFN0001_P0001">[IFRIC&#xae; Update,           May 2009, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;IAS 39&#xa0;<i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</i>&#x2014;Participation rights and calculation of the effective interest rate&#x2019;</p>         <p>The IFRIC was asked for guidance on how an issuer should account for a financial           liability that contains participation rights by which the instrument holder shares in the           net income and losses of the issuer. The holder receives a percentage of the issuer&#x2019;s net           income and is allocated a proportional share of the issuer&#x2019;s losses. Losses are applied to           the nominal value of the instrument to be repaid on maturity. Losses allocated to the           holder in one period can be offset by profits in subsequent periods. The IFRIC considered           the issue without reconsidering the assumptions described in the request, namely that the           financial liability:</p>         <ul><li>             <p>&#xa0; does not contain any embedded derivatives</p>           </li><li>             <p>&#xa0; is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, and</p>           </li><li>             <p>&#xa0; does not meet the definition of a floating rate instrument.</p>           </li></ul>         <p>The IFRIC noted that paragraphs AG6 and AG8 of IAS 39 [now replaced by&#xa0;<xref href="IFRS09_B5.4.4.dita">paragraphs B5.4.4</xref>&#xa0;and&#xa0;<xref href="IFRS09_B5.4.6.dita">B5.4.6 of IFRS 9</xref>] provide the relevant           application guidance for measuring financial liabilities at amortised cost using the           effective interest rate method. The IFRIC also noted that it is inappropriate to analogise           to the derecognition guidance in IAS 39 because the liability has not been           extinguished.</p>         <p>Because specific application guidance already exists, the IFRIC decided not to add this           issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_B5.4.7" id="IFRS09_FN0029">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7813">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, November 2012,           Agenda Decision, &#x2018;IAS 39&#xa0;<i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</i>&#x2014;Scope           of paragraph&#xa0;AG5&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request for guidance on several accounting           issues that resulted from the restructuring of Greek government bonds (GGBs) in 2012. At           its September 2012 meeting, the Interpretations Committee concluded that the GGBs           surrendered in March 2012 should be derecognised, which means the new GGBs received as           part of the debt restructuring are recognised as new assets. At the July 2012 and November           2012 meetings, the Interpretations Committee addressed the particular request to consider           whether paragraph&#xa0;AG5 of IAS 39 [now replaced by&#xa0;<xref href="IFRS09_B5.4.7.dita">paragraph B5.4.7 of IFRS 9</xref>] could apply when determining the effective interest           rate on initial recognition of those new GGBs. Applying paragraph&#xa0;AG5 of IAS 39 means that           the effective interest rate would be determined at initial recognition using estimated           cash flows that take into account incurred credit losses.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that paragraph&#xa0;AG5 of IAS 39 applies to acquired           assets, which includes both purchased and originated assets.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee also noted that even though an origination of a debt           instrument with an incurred loss is rather unusual, there are situations in which such           transactions occur. For example, within the context of significant financial difficulty of           an obligor, transactions can arise that involve originations of debt instruments that are           outside the normal underwriting process but are instead forced upon already existing           lenders by a restructuring process. This could include situations in which modifications           of debt instruments result in derecognition of the original financial asset and the           recognition of a new financial asset under IFRSs. In circumstances such as these, new           financial assets could be recognised that have incurred losses on initial recognition. The           Interpretations Committee noted that whether an incurred loss exists on initial           recognition of an asset is a factual matter and that the assessment requires judgement.           The Interpretations Committee also noted that the circumstances leading to the recognition           of an asset with an incurred loss on initial recognition need not be limited to those in           which debt instruments are effectively forced upon existing lenders, but could also arise           in other transactions.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee considered that in the light of its analysis of the           existing requirements of IAS 39 an interpretation was not necessary and consequently           decided not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn id="IFRS09_FN0031">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS09_P7815">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, March 2014, Agenda           Decision, &#x2018;IAS 39&#xa0;<i>Financial instruments: Recognition and Measurement</i>&#x2014;accounting for           term-structured repo transactions&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify: (Issue 1) whether an entity           (Entity A) should account for three transactions separately or aggregate and treat them as           a single derivative; and (Issue 2) how to apply paragraph B.6 of Guidance on             Implementing&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               39</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>&#xa0;(&#x2018;IG B.6 of IAS 39&#x2019;) [paragraph B.6 of Guidance on Implementing           IFRS 9] in addressing Issue 1. Some key features of the three transactions are as           follows:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7816">Transaction 1 (bond purchase): Entity&#xa0;A purchases a bond (the bond)               from another entity (Entity&#xa0;B).</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7817">Transaction 2 (interest rate swap): Entity&#xa0;A enters into interest               rate swap contract(s) with Entity&#xa0;B. Entity&#xa0;A pays a fixed rate of interest equal to               the fixed coupon rate of the purchased bond in Transaction&#xa0;1 and receives a variable               rate of interest.</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p id="IFRS09_P7818">Transaction 3 (repurchase agreement): Entity&#xa0;A enters into a               repurchase agreement with Entity&#xa0;B, in which Entity&#xa0;A sells the same bond in               Transaction&#xa0;1 on the same day it purchases the bond and agrees to buy back the bond at               the maturity date of the bond.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IFRS09_P7819">The Interpretations Committee noted that in order to determine whether           Entity&#xa0;A should aggregate and account for the three transactions above as a single           derivative, reference should be made to paragraphs&#xa0;B.6 and C.6 of Guidance on Implementing           IAS 39 and paragraph&#xa0;AG39 of IAS 32<ph outputclass="standard_ref">&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee also discussed Issue&#xa0;2, ie, how to apply paragraph IG B.6           of IAS 39 in addressing Issue 1. The Interpretations Committee noted that application of           the guidance in paragraph&#xa0;IG B.6 of IAS 39 requires judgement. It also noted that the           indicators in paragraph&#xa0;IG B.6 of IAS 39 may help an entity to determine the substance of           the transaction, but that the presence or absence of any single specific indicator alone           may not be conclusive.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that providing additional guidance would result in           the Interpretations Committee attempting to specify the accounting for a specific           transaction, and that this would not be appropriate.</p>         <p>On the basis of the analysis above, the Interpretations Committee determined that, in the           light of the existing IFRS requirements, neither an Interpretation nor an amendment to a           Standard was necessary and consequently decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn id="IFRS09_FN0084">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, March 2014, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;IAS             39&#xa0;<i>Financial instruments: Recognition and Measurement</i>&#x2014;accounting for           term-structured repo transactions&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify: (Issue 1) whether an entity           (Entity A) should account for three transactions separately or aggregate and treat them as           a single derivative; and (Issue 2) how to apply paragraph B.6 of Guidance on             Implementing&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               39</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph>&#xa0;(&#x2018;IG B.6 of IAS 39&#x2019;) [paragraph B.6 of Guidance on Implementing           IFRS 9] in addressing Issue 1. Some key features of the three transactions are as           follows:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>Transaction 1 (bond purchase): Entity&#xa0;A purchases a bond (the bond) from another               entity (Entity&#xa0;B).</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>Transaction 2 (interest rate swap): Entity&#xa0;A enters into interest rate swap               contract(s) with Entity&#xa0;B. Entity&#xa0;A pays a fixed rate of interest equal to the fixed               coupon rate of the purchased bond in Transaction&#xa0;1 and receives a variable rate of               interest.</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p>Transaction 3 (repurchase agreement): Entity&#xa0;A enters into a repurchase agreement               with Entity&#xa0;B, in which Entity&#xa0;A sells the same bond in Transaction&#xa0;1 on the same day               it purchases the bond and agrees to buy back the bond at the maturity date of the               bond.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that in order to determine whether Entity&#xa0;A should           aggregate and account for the three transactions above as a single derivative, reference           should be made to paragraphs&#xa0;B.6 and C.6 of Guidance on Implementing IAS 39 and           paragraph&#xa0;AG39 of IAS 32&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee also discussed Issue&#xa0;2, ie, how to apply paragraph IG B.6           of IAS 39 in addressing Issue 1. The Interpretations Committee noted that application of           the guidance in paragraph&#xa0;IG B.6 of IAS 39 requires judgement. It also noted that the           indicators in paragraph&#xa0;IG B.6 of IAS 39 may help an entity to determine the substance of           the transaction, but that the presence or absence of any single specific indicator alone           may not be conclusive.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that providing additional guidance would result in           the Interpretations Committee attempting to specify the accounting for a specific           transaction, and that this would not be appropriate.</p>         <p>On the basis of the analysis above, the Interpretations Committee determined that, in the           light of the existing IFRS requirements, neither an Interpretation nor an amendment to a           Standard was necessary and consequently decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn id="IFRS09_B4.1.8_EDUFN0001">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, September 2018, Agenda Decision,           &#x2018;Classification of a particular type of dual currency bond (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>)&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Committee received a request about how a holder would classify a particular financial           asset applying IFRS 9. The submitter described a &#x2018;dual currency bond&#x2019; with a par amount           denominated in one currency and fixed interest coupon payments denominated in another           currency. The fixed interest payments are paid annually and the par amount is repaid at a           stated maturity date. The submitter asked whether such a financial instrument has           contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal           amount outstanding applying paragraphs 4.1.2(b) and 4.1.2A(b) of IFRS 9.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">On the basis of the responses to outreach performed on the           request and those received in comment letters, the Committee observed that the financial           instrument described in the request is not common. Therefore, the Committee has not           obtained evidence that the matter has widespread effect.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this matter           to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>&#xa0;<fn base="IFRS09_B5.5.55" id="EDUFN-ad2019-march-ap12_IFRS09-1">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, March 2019, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#x2014;Credit Enhancement in           the Measurement of Expected Credit Losses&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Committee received a request about the effect of a credit enhancement on the           measurement of expected credit losses when applying the impairment requirements in IFRS 9.           The request asked whether the cash flows expected from a financial guarantee contract or           any other credit enhancement can be included in the measurement of expected credit losses           if the credit enhancement is required to be recognised separately applying IFRS           Standards.</p>         <p>For the purposes of measuring expected credit losses, paragraph B5.5.55 of IFRS 9           requires the estimate of expected cash shortfalls to &#x2018;reflect the cash flows expected from           collateral and other credit enhancements that are part of the contractual terms and are           not recognised separately by the entity.&#x2019;</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Accordingly, the Committee observed that the cash flows           expected from a credit enhancement are included in the measurement of expected credit           losses if the credit enhancement is both:</p>         <ol outputclass="static"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>part of the contractual terms; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>not recognised separately by the entity.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>The Committee concluded that, if a credit enhancement is required to be recognised           separately by IFRS Standards, an entity cannot include the cash flows expected from it in           the measurement of expected credit losses. An entity applies the applicable IFRS Standard           to determine whether it is required to recognise a credit enhancement separately.           Paragraph B5.5.55 of IFRS 9 does not provide an exemption from applying the separate           recognition requirements in IFRS 9 or other IFRS Standards.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the requirements in IFRS Standards provide an adequate basis           for an entity to determine whether to include the cash flows expected from a credit           enhancement in the measurement of expected credit losses in the fact pattern described in           the request. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this matter to its           standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IFRS09_B6.3.13" id="EDUFN-ad2021-may-ap12b-IFRS9">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC&#xae;&#xa0;<i>Update</i>, April 2021, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#x2014;Hedging Variability in           Cash Flows due to Real Interest Rates&#x2019;</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about applying the hedge           accounting requirements in IFRS 9 when the risk management objective is to &#x2018;fix&#x2019; the cash           flows in real terms.</p>         <p>The request asked whether a hedge of the variability in cash flows arising from changes           in the real interest rate, rather than the nominal interest rate, could be accounted for           as a cash flow hedge. More specifically, the request describes a fact pattern in which an           entity with a floating rate instrument referenced to an interest rate benchmark, such as           LIBOR, enters into an inflation swap (which swaps the variable interest cash flows of the           floating rate instrument for variable cash flows based on an inflation index). The request           asked whether the entity can designate the swap in a cash flow hedging relationship to           hedge changes in the variable interest payments for changes in the real interest rate.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Hedge accounting requirements in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph></ph></p>         <p><xref href="IFRS09_6.1.1.dita#IFRS09_6.1.1">Paragraph 6.1.1 of IFRS 9</xref> states that           the objective of hedge accounting is to represent, in the financial statements, the effect           of an entity&#x2019;s risk management activities that use financial instruments to manage           exposures arising from particular risks that could affect profit or loss (or other           comprehensive income). <xref href="IFRS09_6.4.1.dita#IFRS09_6.4.1">Paragraph 6.4.1 of IFRS             9</xref> sets out the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting.</p>         <p>One type of hedging relationship described in <xref href="IFRS09_6.5.2.dita#IFRS09_6.5.2">paragraph 6.5.2 of IFRS 9</xref> is a cash flow hedge in which an entity hedges the           exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable to a particular risk associated           with all, or a component of, a recognised asset or liability and could affect profit or           loss.</p>         <p><xref href="IFRS09_6.3.7.dita#IFRS09_6.3.7">Paragraph 6.3.7 of IFRS 9</xref> specifies           that an entity may designate an item in its entirety, or a component of an item, as a           hedged item. A risk component may be designated as the hedged item if, based on an           assessment within the context of the particular market structure, the risk component is           separately identifiable and reliably measurable.</p>         <p>With respect to inflation risk, paragraph B6.3.13 of IFRS 9 states &#x2018;there is a rebuttable           presumption that unless inflation risk is contractually specified, it is not separately           identifiable and reliably measurable and hence cannot be designated as a risk component of           a financial instrument&#x2019;.</p>         <p><xref href="IFRS09_B6.3.14.dita#IFRS09_B6.3.14">Paragraph B6.3.14 of IFRS 9</xref> states           that an entity cannot simply impute the terms and conditions of an inflation hedging           instrument by projecting its term and conditions onto a nominal interest rate debt           instrument. This is because, when developing IFRS 9, the Board specifically considered           inflation risk and put in place restrictions to address its concern that entities might           impute the terms and conditions of a hedging instrument onto the hedged item &#x2018;without           proper application of the criteria for designating risk components&#x2019; as a hedged item             (<xref href="IFRS09_BC6.193.dita#IFRS09_BC6.193">paragraph BC6.193 of IFRS 9</xref>). To           appropriately account for hedge (in)effectiveness, <xref href="IFRS09_B6.5.5.dita#IFRS09_B6.5.5">paragraph B6.5.5 of IFRS 9</xref> requires an           entity to measure the (present) value of the hedged item independently of the measurement           of the value of the hedging instrument.</p>         <p>Given that the request asked whether the real interest rate component could be designated           as a risk component in a cash flow hedge, the Committee&#x2019;s analysis focused on whether a           non-contractually specified real interest rate risk component is separately identifiable           and reliably measurable in the context of the proposed cash flow hedging relationship           described in the request.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Can a non-contractually specified real           interest rate risk component be designated as the hedged item in the proposed cash flow           hedging relationship?</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">When considering the qualifying criteria in <xref href="IFRS09_6.4.1.dita#IFRS09_6.4.1">paragraph 6.4.1 of IFRS 9</xref>, the Committee           observed that for cash flow hedge accounting to be applied in the fact pattern described           in the request, it would be necessary to determine:</p>         <ul><li>             <p>whether that risk component is separately identifiable and reliably measurable as               required by <xref href="IFRS09_6.3.7.dita#IFRS09_6.3.7">paragraph 6.3.7 of IFRS                 9</xref>; and</p>           </li><li>             <p>as a result, that the entity has exposure to variability in cash flows that is               attributable to the real interest rate risk component of the floating rate instrument               as required by <xref href="IFRS09_6.5.2.dita">paragraph 6.5.2(b) of IFRS 9</xref>.</p>           </li></ul>         <p>The Committee noted that, to designate a risk component in a hedging relationship, the           risk component must be separately identifiable and reliably measurable within the context           of each individual hedging relationship. The Committee also noted that it is the market           structure&#x2014;in which a floating rate instrument is issued and in which hedging activity will           take place&#x2014;that needs to support the eligibility of a real interest rate risk component as           a non-contractually specified risk component as required by <xref href="IFRS09_6.3.7.dita#IFRS09_6.3.7">paragraph 6.3.7 of IFRS 9</xref>. For the market           structure to support the eligibility of that risk component in the proposed cash flow           hedging relationship, the real interest rate must represent an identifiable pricing           element in setting the floating benchmark interest rate, thereby creating separately           identifiable and reliably measurable cash flow variability in the floating rate           instrument.</p>         <p>Although the rebuttable presumption in paragraph B6.3.13 of IFRS 9 applies to both fair           value hedges and cash flow hedges, the example in <xref href="IFRS09_B6.3.14.dita#IFRS09_B6.3.14">paragraph B6.3.14 of IFRS 9</xref> illustrates           a rebuttal of the presumption in a fair value hedge. The Committee therefore concluded           that, because nominal rates generally do not change as a direct result of changes in real           interest rates, the existence in the relevant debt market of a term structure of           zero-coupon real interest rates does not, in itself, overcome the rebuttable presumption           in paragraph B6.3.13 of IFRS 9 in the proposed cash flow hedging relationship.</p>         <p>The Committee noted that cash flows as defined by <xref href="../ias07/IAS07_6.dita#IAS07_6">paragraph 6 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 7</ph>               <ph outputclass="standard_title">Statement of Cash Flows</ph></ph></xref> are, by           nature, denominated in nominal terms. The Committee also noted that the interest rate for           floating rate financial instruments is defined in nominal terms for a given currency.           Therefore, to meet the requirements in IFRS 9 for a cash flow hedge designation, the           variability in the cash flows of the floating rate instrument attributable to the           designated risk component needs to be assessed in nominal terms. A nominal interest rate           (such as LIBOR) may be influenced by expected inflation and the real interest rate in the           long term. However, nominal interest rates do not change as a direct result of changes in           inflation or the real interest rate (that is, they are not identifiable pricing elements           in setting nominal rates).</p>         <p>The Committee therefore concluded that there is no exposure to variability in cash flows           that is attributable to changes in the real interest rate in the proposed cash flow           hedging relationship and, thus, the requirements in <xref href="IFRS09_6.3.7.dita#IFRS09_6.3.7">paragraph 6.3.7</xref> and <xref href="IFRS09_6.5.2.dita#IFRS09_6.5.2">paragraph 6.5.2(b) of IFRS 9</xref> are not met.           Consequently, the real interest rate risk component in the proposed cash flow hedging           relationship does not meet the requirements in IFRS 9 to be designated as an eligible           hedged item as required by <xref href="IFRS09_6.4.1.dita#IFRS09_6.4.1">paragraph 6.4.1 of             IFRS 9</xref>.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the requirements in IFRS 9 provide an adequate basis for an           entity to determine whether a hedge of the variability in cash flows arising from changes           in the real interest rate, rather than the nominal interest rate, could be accounted for           as a cash flow hedge. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting           project to the work plan.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IFRS09_B5.4.5" id="EDUFN-ad2022-february-ifrs9">                  <p>The Committee received a request about how to account for the third programme of the           targeted longer-term refinancing operations (TLTROs) of the European Central Bank (ECB).           The TLTROs link the amount a participating bank can borrow and the interest rate the bank           pays on each tranche of the operation to the volume and amount of loans it makes to           non-financial corporations and households.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The request asks:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>whether TLTRO III tranches represent loans with a               below-market interest rate and, if so, whether the borrowing bank is required to apply               IFRS 9 or IAS 20 to account for the benefit of the below-market interest             rate;</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>if the bank applies IAS 20 to account for the benefit of the               below-market interest rate:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>i.</li_value><p>how it assesses in which period(s) it recognises that                   benefit; and</p></li><li><li_value>ii.</li_value><p>whether, for the purpose of presentation, the bank adds                   the benefit to the carrying amount of the TLTRO III liability;</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>how the bank calculates the applicable effective interest               rate;</p></li><li><li_value>d.</li_value><p>whether the bank applies paragraph B5.4.6 of IFRS 9 to               account for changes in estimated cash flows resulting from the revised assessment of               whether the conditions attached to the liability have been met; and</p></li><li><li_value>e.</li_value><p>how the bank accounts for changes in cash flows related to               the prior period that result from the bank&#x2019;s lending behaviour or from changes the ECB               makes to the TLTRO III conditions.</p></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Applying the requirements in IFRS           Accounting Standards</p>         <p>The Committee observed that IFRS 9 is the starting point for the borrowing bank to decide           how to account for TLTRO III transactions because each financial liability arising from           the bank&#x2019;s participation in a TLTRO III tranche is within the scope of IFRS 9. The           bank:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>assesses whether it would separate any embedded derivatives               from the host contract as required by paragraph 4.3.3 of IFRS 9;</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>initially recognises and measures the financial liability,               which includes determining the fair value of the financial liability, accounting for               any difference between the fair value and the transaction price and calculating the               effective interest rate; and</p></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>subsequently measures the financial liability, which               includes accounting for changes in the estimates of expected cash flows.</p></li></ol>         <p>The Committee noted that the request did not ask about the existence of an embedded           derivative and, therefore, this agenda decision does not discuss the requirements in IFRS           9 regarding the separation of embedded derivatives.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Initial recognition and measurement of           the financial liability</p>         <p>Applying paragraph 5.1.1 of IFRS 9, at initial recognition a bank measures each TLTRO III           tranche at fair value plus or minus transaction costs, if the financial liability is not           measured at fair value through profit or loss. A bank therefore measures the fair value of           the liability using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the           financial liability as required by <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 13</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>. The fair value of a           financial liability at initial recognition is normally the transaction price&#x2014;that is, the           fair value of the consideration received (paragraphs B5.1.1 and B5.1.2A of IFRS 9). If the           fair value at initial recognition differs from the transaction price, paragraph B5.1.1           requires a bank to determine whether a part of the consideration received is for something           other than the financial liability.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that determining whether an interest rate is a below-market rate           requires judgement based on the specific facts and circumstances of the relevant financial           liability. A difference between the fair value of a financial liability at initial           recognition and the transaction price might indicate that the interest rate on the           financial liability is a below-market rate.</p>         <p>If a bank determines that the fair value of a TLTRO III tranche at initial recognition           differs from the transaction price and that the consideration received is for only the           financial liability, the bank applies paragraph B5.1.2A of IFRS 9 to account for that           difference.</p>         <p>If a bank determines that the fair value of a TLTRO III tranche at initial recognition           differs from the transaction price and that the consideration received is for more than           just the financial liability, the bank assesses whether that difference represents the           benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest (treated as a government           grant in IAS 20). An entity assesses this difference only at initial recognition of the           TLTRO III tranche. The Committee noted that if the difference is treated as a government           grant, paragraph 10A of IAS 20 applies only to that difference. The bank applies IFRS 9 to           account for the financial liability, both on initial recognition and subsequently.</p>         <p><b>&#x2026;</b></p>         <p typeface="sansserif">Calculating the effective interest rate at initial recognition of           the financial liability</p>         <p>Appendix A to IFRS 9 defines both the amortised cost of a financial liability and the           effective interest rate. Calculating the effective interest rate requires an entity to           estimate the expected cash flows through the expected life of the financial liability by           considering all the contractual terms of the financial instrument.</p>         <p>In calculating the effective interest rate for a TLTRO III tranche at initial           recognition, the question arises as to what to consider in estimating the expected future           cash flows and, specifically, how to reflect uncertainty that arises from conditionality           related to the contractual interest rate. The Committee noted that the question of what to           consider in estimating the expected future cash flows to calculate the effective interest           rate is also relevant for fact patterns other than that described in the request. The           Committee therefore concluded that considering how to reflect conditionality in the           contractual interest rate when calculating the effective interest rate is a broader           matter, which it should not analyse solely in the context of TLTRO III tranches. Such an           analysis could have unintended consequences for other financial instruments, the           measurement of which involves similar questions about applying IFRS Accounting Standards.           The Committee is therefore of the view that the IASB should consider this matter as part           of the post-implementation review of the classification and measurement requirements in           IFRS 9, together with similar matters already identified in the first phase of that           review.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">Subsequent measurement of the financial liability at amortised           cost</p>         <p>The original effective interest rate is calculated based on estimated future cash flows           at initial recognition as required by IFRS 9. The Committee noted that whether a bank           alters the effective interest rate over the life of a TLTRO III tranche depends on the           contractual terms of the financial liability and the applicable requirements in IFRS           9.</p>         <p>The contractual terms of TLTRO III tranches require interest to be settled in arrears on           maturity or on early repayment of each tranche. There is therefore only one cash outflow           over the life of the tranche.</p>         <p>Paragraphs B5.4.5 and B5.4.6 of IFRS 9 specify requirements for how an entity accounts           for changes in estimated contractual cash flows.</p>         <p>For floating-rate financial instruments, paragraph B5.4.5 of IFRS 9 specifies that the           periodic re-estimation of cash flows to reflect the movements in the market rates of           interest alters the effective interest rate. IFRS 9 does not define what a floating rate           is.</p>         <p>Paragraph B5.4.6 of IFRS 9 applies to changes in estimated contractual cash flows of           financial liabilities other than those addressed in paragraph B5.4.5, irrespective of           whether the change arises from revisions of estimated contractual cash flows or from a           modification of the contractual terms of the liability. However, when changes in           contractual cash flows arise from a modification of the contractual terms, an entity           assesses whether those changes result in the derecognition of the original financial           liability and the recognition of a new financial liability by applying paragraphs 3.3.2           and B3.3.6 of IFRS 9.</p>         <p>The Committee also noted that the application of paragraph B5.4.6 of IFRS 9 depends on a           bank&#x2019;s estimates of expected future cash flows in calculating the effective interest rate           at initial recognition of the financial liability because paragraph B5.4.6 requires the           use of the original effective interest rate to discount the revised cash flows.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that the question of how conditionality related to the contractual           interest rate is reflected in the estimates of expected future cash flows when applying           the effective interest method affects both initial and subsequent measurement. As this           question is part of a broader matter, the Committee considered that it should not be           analysed solely in the context of TLTRO III tranches. The Committee is therefore of the           view that the IASB should consider this matter as part of the post-implementation review           of the classification and measurement requirements in IFRS 9, together with similar           matters already identified in the first phase of that review.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Disclosure</p>         <p>&#x2026;</p>         <p>Given the judgements required and the risks arising from the TLTRO III tranches, a bank           also needs to consider the requirements in paragraphs 117, 122 and 125 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1 </ph><ph outputclass="standard_title"> Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, as well           as paragraphs 7, 21 and 31 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 7 </ph><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial               Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph>. These paragraphs require a bank to disclose           information that includes its significant accounting policies and management&#x2019;s assumptions           and judgements in applying its accounting policies that have the most significant effect           on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Conclusion</p>         <p>&#x2026;</p>         <p>Regarding the question of how conditionality related to the contractual interest rate is           reflected in the estimates of expected future cash flows when calculating the effective           interest rate at initial recognition or in the revisions of estimated future cash flows on           subsequent measurement of the financial liability, the Committee concluded that the           matters described in the request are part of a broader matter that, in isolation, are not           possible to address in a cost-effective manner and should be reported to the IASB. The           IASB should consider this matter as part of the post-implementation review of the           classification and measurement requirements in IFRS 9.</p>         <p>For these reasons, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project to the           work plan.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IFRS09_2.1" id="EDUFN-ad2022-september-ifrs09-2.1">                  <p>The Committee received a request about a lessor&#x2019;s application of IFRS 9 and IFRS 16 in           accounting for a particular rent concession. The rent concession is one for which the only           change to the lease contract is the lessor&#x2019;s forgiveness of lease payments due from the           lessee under that contract.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">The fact pattern</p>         <p>The request described a rent concession agreed by a lessor and a lessee on the date the           rent concession is granted. The rent concession changes the original terms and conditions           of a lease contract classified by the lessor&#x2014;applying IFRS 16&#x2014;as an operating lease. The           lessor legally releases the lessee from its obligation to make specifically identified           lease payments:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>some of these lease payments are amounts contractually due               but not paid. Paragraph AG9 of IAS 32 states that &#x2018;a lessor does not regard an               operating lease as a financial instrument, except as regards individual payments               currently due and payable by the lessee&#x2019;. Therefore, the lessor has recognised these               amounts as an operating lease receivable. Applying paragraph 81 of IFRS 16, the lessor               has also recognised the amounts as income.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>some of these lease payments are not yet contractually               due.</p></li></ol>         <p>No other changes are made to the lease contract, nor are there any other negotiations           between the lessor and the lessee that might affect the accounting for the rent           concession. Before the date the rent concession is granted, the lessor applies the           expected credit loss model in IFRS 9 to the operating lease receivable.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">The question</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The request asked:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>how the lessor applies the expected credit loss model in               IFRS 9 to the operating lease receivable before the rent concession is granted if it               expects to forgive payments due from the lessee under the lease contract; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>whether the lessor applies the derecognition requirements in               IFRS 9 or the lease modification requirements in IFRS 16 in accounting for the rent               concession.</p></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Applying the expected credit loss model           in IFRS 9 to the operating lease receivable</p>         <p>Paragraph 2.1(b)(i) of IFRS 9 states that &#x2018;operating lease receivables recognised by a           lessor are subject to the derecognition and impairment requirements&#x2019; in IFRS 9. Therefore,           a lessor is required to apply the impairment requirements in IFRS 9 to the gross carrying           amount of an operating lease receivable from the date on which it recognises that           receivable, taking into account applicable derecognition requirements in IFRS 9.</p>         <p>IFRS 9 defines credit loss as &#x2018;the difference between all contractual cash flows that are           due to an entity in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the entity           expects to receive (ie all cash shortfalls)&#x2026;&#x2019;. Paragraph 5.5.17 of IFRS 9 states that &#x2018;an           entity shall measure expected credit losses &#x2026; in a way that reflects (a) an unbiased and           probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes;           (b) the time value of money; and (c) reasonable and supportable information that is           available without undue cost or effort at the reporting date about past events, current           conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions&#x2019;.</p>         <p> Consequently, in the fact pattern described in the request, the lessor applies the           impairment requirements in IFRS 9 to the operating lease receivable. The lessor estimates           expected credit losses on the operating lease receivable by measuring any credit loss to           reflect &#x2018;all cash shortfalls&#x2019;. These shortfalls are the difference between: </p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>all contractual cash flows due to the lessor in accordance               with the lease contract (and included in the gross carrying amount of the operating               lease receivable); and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>all the cash flows the lessor expects to receive, determined               using &#x2018;reasonable and supportable information&#x2019; about &#x2018;past events, current conditions               and forecasts of future economic conditions&#x2019;.</p></li></ol>         <p>Therefore, the Committee concluded that, before the rent concession is granted, the           lessor measures expected credit losses on the operating lease receivable in a way that           reflects &#x2018;an unbiased and probability-weighted amount &#x2026;&#x2019;, &#x2018;the time value of money&#x2019;, and           &#x2018;reasonable and supportable information &#x2026;&#x2019; (as required by paragraph 5.5.17 of IFRS 9).           This measurement of expected credit losses includes the lessor considering its           expectations of forgiving lease payments recognised as part of that receivable.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Accounting for the rent concession&#x2014;IFRS           9 and IFRS 16</p>         <p><i>Applying the derecognition requirements in IFRS 9 to the operating lease             receivable</i></p>         <p>Paragraph 2.1(b)(i) of IFRS 9 states that operating lease receivables recognised by a           lessor are subject to the derecognition requirements in IFRS 9. Consequently, on granting           the rent concession, the lessor considers whether the requirements for derecognition in           paragraph 3.2.3 of IFRS 9 are met.</p>         <p>In the rent concession described in the request, the lessor legally releases the lessee           from its obligation to make specifically identified lease payments, some of which the           lessor has recognised as an operating lease receivable. Accordingly, on granting the rent           concession, the lessor concludes that the requirements in paragraph 3.2.3(a) of IFRS 9           have been met&#x2014;that is, its contractual rights to the cash flows from the operating lease           receivable expire&#x2014;because it has agreed to legally release the lessee from its obligation           and thus has given up its contractual rights to those specifically identified cash flows.           Therefore, on the date the rent concession is granted, the lessor remeasures expected           credit losses on the operating lease receivable (and recognises any change to the expected           credit loss allowance in profit or loss) and derecognises the operating lease receivable           (and associated expected credit loss allowance).</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><i>Applying the lease modification requirements in IFRS 16             to future lease payments under the lease</i></p>         <p>The rent concession described in the request meets the definition of a lease modification           in IFRS 16. The rent concession is &#x2018;a change in &#x2026; the consideration for a lease &#x2026; that was           not part of the original terms and conditions of the lease&#x2019;. Therefore, the lessor applies           paragraph 87 of IFRS 16 and accounts for the modified lease as a new lease from the date           the rent concession is granted.</p>         <p>Paragraph 87 of IFRS 16 requires a lessor to consider any prepaid or accrued lease           payments relating to the original lease as part of the lease payments for the new lease.           The Committee observed that lease payments contractually due from the lessee that the           lessor has recognised as an operating lease receivable (to which the derecognition and           impairment requirements in IFRS 9 apply) are not accrued lease payments. Consequently,           neither those lease payments nor their forgiveness are considered&#x2014;applying paragraph 87 of           IFRS 16&#x2014;as part of the lease payments for the new lease.</p>         <p>In accounting for the modified lease as a new lease, a lessor applies paragraph 81 of           IFRS 16 and recognises the lease payments (including any prepaid or accrued lease payments           relating to the original lease) as income on either a straight-line basis or another           systematic basis.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the lessor accounts for the rent concession described in the           request on the date it is granted by applying: (a) the derecognition requirements in IFRS           9 to forgiven lease payments that the lessor has recognised as an operating lease           receivable; and (b) the lease modification requirements in IFRS 16 to forgiven lease           payments that the lessor has not recognised as an operating lease receivable.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">Conclusion</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Accounting Standards           provide an adequate basis for a lessor to determine how to apply the expected credit loss           model in IFRS 9 to an operating lease receivable and account for the rent concession           described in the request. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a           standard-setting project to the work plan.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IFRS09_3.2.3" id="EDUFN-ad2022-september-ifrs09-3.2.3">                  <p>The Committee received a request about a lessor&#x2019;s application of IFRS 9 and IFRS 16 in           accounting for a particular rent concession. The rent concession is one for which the only           change to the lease contract is the lessor&#x2019;s forgiveness of lease payments due from the           lessee under that contract.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">The fact pattern</p>         <p>The request described a rent concession agreed by a lessor and a lessee on the date the           rent concession is granted. The rent concession changes the original terms and conditions           of a lease contract classified by the lessor&#x2014;applying IFRS 16&#x2014;as an operating lease. The           lessor legally releases the lessee from its obligation to make specifically identified           lease payments:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>some of these lease payments are amounts contractually due               but not paid. Paragraph AG9 of IAS 32 states that &#x2018;a lessor does not regard an               operating lease as a financial instrument, except as regards individual payments               currently due and payable by the lessee&#x2019;. Therefore, the lessor has recognised these               amounts as an operating lease receivable. Applying paragraph 81 of IFRS 16, the lessor               has also recognised the amounts as income.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>some of these lease payments are not yet contractually               due.</p></li></ol>         <p>No other changes are made to the lease contract, nor are there any other negotiations           between the lessor and the lessee that might affect the accounting for the rent           concession. Before the date the rent concession is granted, the lessor applies the           expected credit loss model in IFRS 9 to the operating lease receivable.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">The question</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The request asked:</p>         <p>&#x2026;</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>whether the lessor applies the derecognition requirements in               IFRS 9 or the lease modification requirements in IFRS 16 in accounting for the rent               concession.</p></li></ol>         <p>&#x2026;</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">Accounting for the rent concession&#x2014;IFRS 9 and IFRS 16</p>         <p><i>Applying the derecognition requirements in IFRS 9 to the operating lease             receivable</i></p>         <p>Paragraph 2.1(b)(i) of IFRS 9 states that operating lease receivables recognised by a           lessor are subject to the derecognition requirements in IFRS 9. Consequently, on granting           the rent concession, the lessor considers whether the requirements for derecognition in           paragraph 3.2.3 of IFRS 9 are met.</p>         <p>In the rent concession described in the request, the lessor legally releases the lessee           from its obligation to make specifically identified lease payments, some of which the           lessor has recognised as an operating lease receivable. Accordingly, on granting the rent           concession, the lessor concludes that the requirements in paragraph 3.2.3(a) of IFRS 9           have been met&#x2014;that is, its contractual rights to the cash flows from the operating lease           receivable expire&#x2014;because it has agreed to legally release the lessee from its obligation           and thus has given up its contractual rights to those specifically identified cash flows.           Therefore, on the date the rent concession is granted, the lessor remeasures expected           credit losses on the operating lease receivable (and recognises any change to the expected           credit loss allowance in profit or loss) and derecognises the operating lease receivable           (and associated expected credit loss allowance).</p>         <p><i>Applying the lease modification requirements in IFRS 16 to future lease payments under             the lease</i></p>         <p>The rent concession described in the request meets the definition of a lease modification           in IFRS 16. The rent concession is &#x2018;a change in &#x2026; the consideration for a lease &#x2026; that was           not part of the original terms and conditions of the lease&#x2019;. Therefore, the lessor applies           paragraph 87 of IFRS 16 and accounts for the modified lease as a new lease from the date           the rent concession is granted.</p>         <p>Paragraph 87 of IFRS 16 requires a lessor to consider any prepaid or accrued lease           payments relating to the original lease as part of the lease payments for the new lease.           The Committee observed that lease payments contractually due from the lessee that the           lessor has recognised as an operating lease receivable (to which the derecognition and           impairment requirements in IFRS 9 apply) are not accrued lease payments. Consequently,           neither those lease payments nor their forgiveness are considered&#x2014;applying paragraph 87 of           IFRS 16&#x2014;as part of the lease payments for the new lease.</p>         <p>In accounting for the modified lease as a new lease, a lessor applies paragraph 81 of           IFRS 16 and recognises the lease payments (including any prepaid or accrued lease payments           relating to the original lease) as income on either a straight-line basis or another           systematic basis.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the lessor accounts for the rent concession described in the           request on the date it is granted by applying: (a) the derecognition requirements in IFRS           9 to forgiven lease payments that the lessor has recognised as an operating lease           receivable; and (b) the lease modification requirements in IFRS 16 to forgiven lease           payments that the lessor has not recognised as an operating lease receivable.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Conclusion</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Accounting Standards           provide an adequate basis for a lessor to determine how to apply the expected credit loss           model in IFRS 9 to an operating lease receivable and account for the rent concession           described in the request. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a           standard-setting project to the work plan.</p>         <p>[The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after paragraph 2.1 of IFRS 9.]]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IFRS09_5.5.17" id="EDUFN-ad2022-september-ifrs09-5.5.1.7">                  <p>The Committee received a request about a lessor&#x2019;s application of IFRS 9 and IFRS 16 in           accounting for a particular rent concession. The rent concession is one for which the only           change to the lease contract is the lessor&#x2019;s forgiveness of lease payments due from the           lessee under that contract.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">The fact pattern</p>         <p>The request described a rent concession agreed by a lessor and a lessee on the date the           rent concession is granted. The rent concession changes the original terms and conditions           of a lease contract classified by the lessor&#x2014;applying IFRS 16&#x2014;as an operating lease. The           lessor legally releases the lessee from its obligation to make specifically identified           lease payments:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>some of these lease payments are amounts contractually due               but not paid. Paragraph AG9 of IAS 32 states that &#x2018;a lessor does not regard an               operating lease as a financial instrument, except as regards individual payments               currently due and payable by the lessee&#x2019;. Therefore, the lessor has recognised these               amounts as an operating lease receivable. Applying paragraph 81 of IFRS 16, the lessor               has also recognised the amounts as income.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>some of these lease payments are not yet contractually               due.</p></li></ol>         <p>No other changes are made to the lease contract, nor are there any other negotiations           between the lessor and the lessee that might affect the accounting for the rent           concession. Before the date the rent concession is granted, the lessor applies the           expected credit loss model in IFRS 9 to the operating lease receivable.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">The question</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The request asked:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>how the lessor applies the expected credit loss model in               IFRS 9 to the operating lease receivable before the rent concession is granted if it               expects to forgive payments due from the lessee under the lease contract; and</p></li></ol>         <p>&#x2026;</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Applying the expected credit loss model           in IFRS 9 to the operating lease receivable</p>         <p>Paragraph 2.1(b)(i) of IFRS 9 states that &#x2018;operating lease receivables recognised by a           lessor are subject to the derecognition and impairment requirements&#x2019; in IFRS 9. Therefore,           a lessor is required to apply the impairment requirements in IFRS 9 to the gross carrying           amount of an operating lease receivable from the date on which it recognises that           receivable, taking into account applicable derecognition requirements in IFRS 9.</p>         <p>IFRS 9 defines credit loss as &#x2018;the difference between all contractual cash flows that are           due to an entity in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the entity           expects to receive (ie all cash shortfalls)&#x2026;&#x2019;. Paragraph 5.5.17 of IFRS 9 states that &#x2018;an           entity shall measure expected credit losses &#x2026; in a way that reflects (a) an unbiased and           probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible outcomes;           (b) the time value of money; and (c) reasonable and supportable information that is           available without undue cost or effort at the reporting date about past events, current           conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions&#x2019;.</p>         <p> Consequently, in the fact pattern described in the request, the lessor applies the           impairment requirements in IFRS 9 to the operating lease receivable. The lessor estimates           expected credit losses on the operating lease receivable by measuring any credit loss to           reflect &#x2018;all cash shortfalls&#x2019;. These shortfalls are the difference between: </p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>all contractual cash flows due to the lessor in accordance               with the lease contract (and included in the gross carrying amount of the operating               lease receivable); and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>all the cash flows the lessor expects to receive, determined               using &#x2018;reasonable and supportable information&#x2019; about &#x2018;past events, current conditions               and forecasts of future economic conditions&#x2019;.</p></li></ol>         <p>Therefore, the Committee concluded that, before the rent concession is granted, the           lessor measures expected credit losses on the operating lease receivable in a way that           reflects &#x2018;an unbiased and probability-weighted amount &#x2026;&#x2019;, &#x2018;the time value of money&#x2019;, and           &#x2018;reasonable and supportable information &#x2026;&#x2019; (as required by paragraph 5.5.17 of IFRS 9).           This measurement of expected credit losses includes the lessor considering its           expectations of forgiving lease payments recognised as part of that receivable.</p>         <p>&#x2026;</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">Conclusion</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Accounting Standards           provide an adequate basis for a lessor to determine how to apply the expected credit loss           model in IFRS 9 to an operating lease receivable and account for the rent concession           described in the request. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a           standard-setting project to the work plan.</p>         <p>[The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after paragraph 2.1 of IFRS 9.]]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="APPA" id="EDUFN-ad2023-september-ifrs09">                  <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about whether, in applying           IFRS 09, an entity accounts for a guarantee written over a derivative contract as a           financial guarantee contract or as a derivative.</p>         <p>The request described a guarantee written over a derivative contract between two third           parties. Such a guarantee would reimburse the holder of the guarantee for the actual loss           incurred&#x2014;up to the close-out amount&#x2014;in the event of default by the other party. The           close-out amount is determined based on a valuation of the remaining contractual cash           flows of the derivative immediately prior to default.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Conclusion</p>         <p>Evidence gathered by the Committee indicated that the matter described in the request is           not widespread, and that when the matter does arise, the amounts involved are not           material. On the basis of that evidence, the Committee concluded that the matter described           in the request does not have widespread effect and it does not have (nor is it expected to           have) a material effect on those affected. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add           a standard-setting project to the work plan.]</p>       </fn>     </bodydiv></body></topic>