<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS09_IE117" base="SL32825119"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>IE117</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 9"/><data name="paranum" value="IE117"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS09_P2410">Entity A hedges its risk exposures using the following risk management strategy:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS09_L0184" base="SL32825120" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P2411" base="SL32825122">Entity A uses benchmark commodity forward contracts, which are denominated in FC, to hedge its coffee purchases four periods before delivery. The coffee price that Entity A actually pays for its purchase is different from the benchmark price because of differences in the type of coffee, the location and delivery arrangement.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS09_FN0053" type="fn"/> This gives rise to the risk of changes in the relationship between the two coffee prices (sometimes referred to as ‘basis risk’), which affects the effectiveness of the hedging relationship. Entity A does not hedge this risk because it is not considered economical under cost/benefit considerations.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS09_P2412" base="SL32825124">Entity A also hedges its FX risk. However, the FX risk is hedged over a different horizon—only three periods before delivery. Entity A considers the FX exposure from the variable payments for the coffee purchase in FC and the gain or loss on the commodity forward contract in FC as one aggregated FX exposure. Hence, Entity A uses one single FX forward contract to hedge the FX cash flows from a forecast coffee purchase and the related commodity forward contract.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>