<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IFRS09_IG_B.5"><title base="F32868137" id="IFRS09_IG_B.5_TI" level="2">B.5 Definition of a derivative: prepaid pay&#x2011;variable, receive&#x2011;fixed interest rate swap</title><body><p base="F32868138" id="IFRS09_P4800"><b>If a party prepays its obligation under a pay&#x2011;variable, receive&#x2011;fixed interest rate swap at inception of the contract or subsequently, is the swap a derivative financial instrument?</b></p><p base="F32868140" id="IFRS09_P4801">No. A prepaid pay&#x2011;variable, receive&#x2011;fixed interest rate swap is not a derivative if it is prepaid at inception and it is no longer a derivative if it is prepaid after inception because it provides a return on the prepaid (invested) amount comparable to the return on a debt instrument with fixed cash flows. The prepaid amount fails the &#x2018;no initial net investment or an initial net investment that is smaller than would be required for other types of contracts that would be expected to have a similar response to changes in market factors&#x2019; criterion of a derivative.</p><p base="F32868141" id="IFRS09_P4802">To illustrate: Entity S enters into a CU100 million notional amount five&#x2011;year pay&#x2011;variable, receive&#x2011;fixed interest rate swap with Counterparty C. The variable leg of the swap is reset on a quarterly basis to three&#x2011;month LIBOR. The fixed interest payments under the swap are calculated as 10&#xa0;per cent times the swap&#x2019;s notional amount, ie CU10 million per year. Entity S prepays its obligation under the variable leg of the swap at inception at current market rates, while retaining the right to receive fixed interest payments of 10&#xa0;per cent on CU100 million per year.</p><p base="F32868142" id="IFRS09_P4803">The cash inflows under the contract are equivalent to those of a financial instrument with a fixed annuity stream since Entity S knows it will receive CU10 million per year over the life of the swap. Therefore, all else being equal, the initial investment in the contract should equal that of other financial instruments that consist of fixed annuities. Thus, the initial net investment in the pay&#x2011;variable, receive&#x2011;fixed interest rate swap is equal to the investment required in a non&#x2011;derivative contract that has a similar response to changes in market conditions. For this reason, the instrument fails the &#x2018;no initial net investment or an initial net investment that is smaller than would be required for other types of contracts that would be expected to have a similar response to changes in market factors&#x2019; criterion of IFRS&#xa0;9. Therefore, the contract is not accounted for as a derivative under IFRS&#xa0;9. By discharging the obligation to pay variable interest rate payments, Entity S in effect provides a loan to Counterparty C.</p></body></topic>