<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS07_BC7" base="F95245" principles="no"><paranum>BC7</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 7"/><data name="paranum" value="BC7"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS07_P2987">The Board considered whether entities that undertake specified activities commonly undertaken by banks and other financial institutions, namely deposit&#x2011;taking, lending and securities activities, face unique risks that would require a standard specific to them. However, the Board decided that the scope of this project should include disclosures about risks arising from financial instruments in all entities for the following reasons:</p><ol id="IFRS07_L0160" base="SL166240" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P2988" base="SL166242">disclosures about risks associated with financial instruments are useful to users of the financial statements of all entities.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P2989" base="SL166244">the Board found it could not satisfactorily define deposit&#x2011;taking, lending, and securities activities. In particular, it could not satisfactorily differentiate an entity with securities activities from an entity holding a portfolio of financial assets for investment and liquidity management purposes.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P2990" base="SL166246">responses to the Exposure Draft of Improvements to IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Disclosure and Presentation</ph></ph>, published in June 2002, indicated that IAS 32&#x2019;s risk disclosure requirements, applicable to all entities, could be improved.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P2991" base="SL166248">the exclusion of some financial instruments would increase the danger that risk disclosures could be incomplete and possibly misleading. For example, a debt instrument issued by an entity could significantly affect its exposures to liquidity risk, interest rate risk and currency risk even if that instrument is not held as part of deposit&#x2011;taking, lending and securities activities.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P2992" base="SL166250">users of financial statements need to be able to compare similar activities, transactions and events of different entities on a consistent basis. Hence, the disclosure principles that apply to regulated entities should not differ from those that apply to non&#x2011;regulated, but otherwise similar, entities.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>