<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS07_BC64" base="F95351" principles="no"><paranum>BC64</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 7"/><data name="paranum" value="BC64"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS07_P3317">However, the Board decided that it would provide high level application guidance about how the entity should assess what is a reasonably possible change and on the appropriate level of aggregation in the disclosures.  In response to comments received on ED 7, the Board also decided to clarify that:</p><ol id="IFRS07_L0181" base="SL166351" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3318" base="SL166353">an entity should not aggregate information about material exposures to risk from significantly different economic environments. However, if it has exposure to only one type of market risk in only one economic environment, it might not show disaggregated information.</p> </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3320" base="SL166355">the sensitivity analysis does not require entities to determine what the profit or loss for the period would have been had the relevant risk variable been different. The sensitivity analysis shows the effect on current period profit or loss and equity if a reasonably possible change in the relevant risk variable had been applied to the risk exposures in existence at the balance sheet date.</p> </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3322" base="SL166357">a reasonably possible change is judged relative to the economic environments in which the entity operates, and does not include remote or &#x2018;worst case&#x2019; scenarios or &#x2018;stress tests&#x2019;.</p> </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3324" base="SL166359">entities are required to disclose only the effects of the changes at the limits of the reasonably possible range of the relevant risk variable, rather than all reasonably possible changes.</p> </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3326" base="SL166361">the time frame for which entities should make an assessment about what is reasonably possible is the period until the entity next presents these disclosures, usually its next annual reporting period.</p> </li></ol><p id="IFRS07_P3328" base="SL166362">The Board also decided to add a simple example of what a sensitivity analysis might look like.</p></body></paragraph>