<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS07_BC73"><paranum>BC73</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 7"/><data name="paranum" value="BC73"/></prolog><body><variant id="IFRS07_BC73_V2" base="F19782875" principles="no"> <p id="IFRS07_P3400" outputclass="keep_with_next">The main changes to the proposals in ED 7 are:</p> <ol id="IFRS07_L0187" base="SL19782876" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3401" base="SL19782878">ED 7 proposed disclosure of the amount of change in the fair value of a financial liability designated as at fair value through profit or loss that is not attributable to changes in a benchmark interest rate as a proxy for the amount of change in fair value attributable to changes in the instrument&#x2019;s credit risk. The IFRS permits entities to determine the amount of change in fair value attributable to changes in the instrument&#x2019;s credit risk using an alternative method if the entity believes that its alternative method gives more faithful representation. The proxy disclosure has been amended to be the amount of change in fair value that is not attributable to changes in market conditions that give rise to market risk. As a result, entities may exclude factors other than a change in a benchmark interest rate when calculating the proxy.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3402" base="SL19782880">a requirement has been added for disclosures about the difference between the transaction price at initial recognition (used as fair value in accordance with <xref id="IFRS07_X1713" base="F43926604" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_B5.4.8.dita#IFRS09_B5.4.8">paragraph B5.4.8<ph><xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS07_FN0046" type="fn"/></ph> of IFRS 9</xref>) and the results of a valuation technique that will be used for subsequent measurement.</p> </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3404" base="SL19782883">no disclosure is required of the fair value of collateral pledged as security and other credit enhancements as was proposed in ED 7.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3405" base="SL19782885">the sensitivity analysis requirements have been clarified.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3406" base="SL19782887">the exemption from presenting comparatives has been widened.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3407" base="SL19782889">the capital disclosures are a stand&#x2011;alone amendment to IAS 1, rather than part of the IFRS. No disclosure is required of whether the entity has complied with capital targets set by management and of the consequences of any non&#x2011;compliance with those targets.</p></li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P3408" base="SL19782891">the amendments to IFRS 4 related to IFRS 7 have been modified to reduce systems changes for insurers.</p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>