<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS07_BC72A"><paranum>BC72A</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 7"/><data name="paranum" value="BC72A"/></prolog><body><variant base="F53658629" id="IFRS07_BC72A_V3">       <p id="IFRS07_P3387"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2012&#x2013;2014 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in September 2014, amended paragraph B30 and added paragraph B30A of IFRS 7. The Board considered whether the amendment should apply to any period presented that begins before the annual period for which the entity first applies the amendment. The Board noted that paragraph 42E(b) of IFRS 7 requires disclosure of the fair value of the assets and liabilities that represent the entity&#x2019;s continuing involvement in the derecognised financial assets. Application of the amendment to such a period might therefore require an entity to determine the fair value as at the end of the period for a servicing asset or servicing liability, which the entity might not have previously determined. It might be impracticable for an entity to determine the fair value of such a servicing asset or servicing liability without using hindsight. The Board also noted that paragraph 44M of IFRS 7 provides transition relief by which the entity need not apply the transfer disclosure requirements to comparative periods. Consequently, to avoid the risk of hindsight being applied, the Board decided to require the application of the amendment only to annual periods beginning on or after the beginning of the annual period for which the amendment is applied for the first time. Furthermore, for the same reason, the Board observed that those transition provisions should be available to first-time adopters. The Board has characterised the transition provisions in paragraph 44AA of IFRS 7 as retrospective despite this relief, because entities are required to look back to past derecognition events to determine whether a servicing asset or servicing liability needs to be disclosed.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS07_FN0045" type="fn"/></p>            </variant></body></paragraph>