<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS11_BC45B_a" base="F67394771" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC45B</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 11" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC45B" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS11_P0549" class="- topic/p ">The principal approaches observed in practice were:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS11_L0028" base="F67394772" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS11_P0550" base="F67394774" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">IFRS 3 approach:</b> some preparers of IFRS financial statements, when accounting for the acquisition of interests in jointly controlled operations or jointly controlled assets in which the activity constitutes a business, applied IFRS 3 and the guidance on business combinations in other IFRSs. Identifiable assets and liabilities were measured, subject to the exceptions in IFRS 3, at fair value and the residual was recognised as goodwill. Furthermore, transaction costs were not capitalised and deferred taxes were recognised on initial recognition of assets and liabilities. Only guidance on business combinations in IFRS 3 and other IFRSs that was not appropriate for the acquisition of an interest in jointly controlled operations or jointly controlled assets was not applied, for example, the guidance on non-controlling interests.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS11_P0551" base="F67394777" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">cost approach:</b> others allocated the total cost of acquiring the interest in the joint operation to the individual identifiable assets on the basis of their relative fair values. Accordingly, any premium paid was allocated to the identifiable assets rather than being recognised as goodwill. Transaction costs were capitalised and deferred taxes were not recognised, because of the initial recognition exceptions in paragraphs 15 and 24 of IAS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS11_P0552" base="F67394781" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">hybrid approach:</b> a third group of preparers of IFRS financial statements only applied the principles on business combinations accounting in IFRS 3 and other IFRSs to issues that were not addressed elsewhere in IFRS. Identifiable assets and liabilities were measured at fair value, with exceptions, and the residual was recognised as a separate asset, ie goodwill. Transaction costs, however, were capitalised and contingent liabilities and deferred taxes were not recognised because these issues were considered as being addressed elsewhere in IFRS. Deferred taxes were not recognised, because of the initial recognition exceptions in paragraphs 15 and 24 of IAS 12.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>