<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS11_BC70" base="F16128134" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC70</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 11" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC70" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS11_P0629" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The main changes from the exposure draft ED 9 are: </p><ol outputclass="static" base="F16128136" id="IFRS11_L0034" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="F16128138" id="IFRS11_P0630" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 11 applies to all entities that have an interest in a joint arrangement. The scope exception in the exposure draft for venture capital organisations, or mutual funds, unit trusts and similar entities, including investment-linked insurance funds, has been removed and has been recharacterised as an exemption from the requirement to measure investments in joint ventures in accordance with the equity method.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="F16128150" id="IFRS11_P0631" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 11 replaces the term ‘shared decisions’ introduced by ED 9 with the term ‘joint control’. As in IAS 31, ‘joint control’ is one of the features that, along with the existence of a contractual arrangement, defines ‘joint arrangements’.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p base="F16128152" id="IFRS11_P0632" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 11 classifies joint arrangements into two types—‘joint operations’ and ‘joint ventures’. Each type of joint arrangement is aligned with a specific accounting requirement. ED 9 had classified joint arrangements into three types—‘joint operations’, ‘joint assets’ and ‘joint ventures’.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>         <p base="F16128154" id="IFRS11_P0633" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 11 provides application requirements to assist entities in the classification of their joint arrangements. The IFRS requires an entity to determine the type of joint arrangement in which it is involved by considering its rights and obligations. In particular, the IFRS requires an entity to give consideration to the structure and legal form of the arrangement, to the terms agreed by the parties in the contractual arrangement and, when relevant, it should also consider other facts and circumstances.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>         <p base="F16128156" id="IFRS11_P0634" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 11 clarifies that not all the parties to a joint arrangement need to have joint control for the arrangement to be a joint arrangement. As a result, some of the parties to a joint arrangement might participate in the joint arrangement, but might not have joint control of it.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value>         <p base="F16128158" id="IFRS11_P0635" class="- topic/p ">The consensus of SIC‑13 has been incorporated into IAS 28 (as amended in 2011), and SIC‑13 is accordingly withdrawn. ED 9 had proposed to incorporate the consensus of SIC‑13 into the standard on joint arrangements.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value>         <p base="F16128161" id="IFRS11_P0636" class="- topic/p ">The disclosure requirements have been placed in <xref href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_TOC.dita#IFRS12_TOC0001" base="F16217851" id="IFRS11_X0548" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 12</xref>. ED 9 had proposed to incorporate the disclosure requirements for joint arrangements into the standard on joint arrangements.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(h)</li_value>         <p base="F16128162" id="IFRS11_P0637" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 11 does not require an entity to adjust the differences between the proportionate consolidation method and the equity method retrospectively when an entity changes from proportionate consolidation to the equity method when accounting for its joint ventures. Instead, it requires an entity to recognise its investment in a joint venture as at the beginning of the earliest period presented, by measuring it as the aggregate of the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities that the entity had previously proportionately consolidated, including any goodwill arising from acquisition. ED 9 had proposed retrospective application of the requirements.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>