<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_BC272" base="F16152545" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC272</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC272" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS19_P1703" class="- topic/p ">The main changes from the 2010 ED are:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS19_L0211" base="F16152547" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p id="IAS19_P1704" base="F16152548" class="- topic/p ">The amendments do not specify where in profit or loss an entity should present the net interest component. The 2010 ED proposed that an entity should include the net interest component as part of finance cost in profit or loss.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p id="IAS19_P1705" base="F16152550" class="- topic/p ">The amendments require gains and losses on settlement to be included in service cost. The 2010 ED proposed that gains and losses on settlement should be included in remeasurements.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p id="IAS19_P1706" base="F16152552" class="- topic/p ">The amendments do not require the following disclosures proposed in the 2010 ED:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" id="IAS19_L0212" base="F16152554" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1707" base="F16152555" class="- topic/p ">the defined benefit obligation, excluding projected growth in salaries;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1708" base="F16152557" class="- topic/p ">sensitivity of current service cost to changes in actuarial assumptions; and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1709" base="F16152559" class="- topic/p ">a description of the process used to determine the demographic actuarial assumptions.</p>           </li></ol>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>         <p id="IAS19_P1710" base="F16152561" class="- topic/p ">The amendments align the timing of recognition for plan amendments, termination benefits and restructuring costs. The 2010 ED proposed aligning the timing of recognition for plan amendments and termination benefits only.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>         <p id="IAS19_P1711" base="F16152563" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The amendments do not:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" id="IAS19_L0213" base="F16152565" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1712" base="F16152566" class="- topic/p ">combine the post‑employment and other long‑term employee benefit categories, as had been proposed in the 2010 ED.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1713" base="F16152568" class="- topic/p ">state whether expected future salary increases should be included in determining whether a benefit formula allocates a materially higher level of benefit to later years, as had been proposed in the 2010 ED.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1714" base="F16152570" class="- topic/p ">incorporate <xref href="../ifric14/IFRIC14_TOC0001.dita#IFRIC14_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1144" base="F16231139" class="- topic/xref ">IFRIC 14 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 19—The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset, Minimum Funding Requirements and their Interaction</ph></ph></xref> as had been proposed in the 2010 ED.</p>           </li></ol>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>