<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="Edu_d5e18719" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Edu Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn base="IAS19_g2-7" id="IAS19_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1772" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, November 2005,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS               32</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Disclosure and               Presentation</ph></ph>—Employee long service leave’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC considered whether a liability for long-service leave falls within IAS 19 or           whether it is a financial liability within the scope of IAS 32.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that IAS 19 indicates that employee benefit           plans include a wide range of formal and informal arrangements. It is therefore clear that           the exclusion of employee benefit plans from IAS 32 includes all employee benefits covered           by IAS 19.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC decided that, since the Standard is clear, it would not expect diversity in           practice and would not add this item to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_g2-7" id="IAS19_FN0002" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1773" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, November 2010,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS               19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—Accounting for a           statutory employee profit‑sharing arrangement’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request for clarification of the accounting for a statutory           employee profit‑sharing arrangement that requires an entity to share 10 per cent of           profit, calculated in accordance with tax law (subject to specific exceptions), with           employees.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee noted that although such a statutory employee profit sharing arrangement           calculates amounts to be payable to employees in accordance with tax law, it meets the           definition of an employee benefit and is in the scope of IAS 19. Therefore, the employee           profit‑sharing arrangement described in the request should not be accounted for by analogy             to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph> or <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 37</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph>.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee observed that the objective of IAS 19 is to record compensation expenses           only when the employee has provided the related service. Consequently, an entity should           not recognise an asset or liability related to future expected reversals of differences           between taxable profit and accounting profit in connection with such an employee           profit‑sharing arrangement.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee noted that the statutory employee profit‑sharing arrangement described in           the request should be accounted for in accordance with IAS 19, and that IAS 19 provides           sufficient guidance on amounts that should be recognised and measured, with the result           that significantly divergent interpretations are not expected in practice. Consequently,           the Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_0003" id="IAS19_FN0003" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1774" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, January 2008, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS               19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—Definition of           plan assets’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC received a request for guidance on the accounting for investment or insurance           policies that are issued by an entity to a pension plan covering its own employees (or the           employees of an entity that is consolidated in the same group as the entity issuing the           policy). The request asked for guidance on whether such policies would be part of plan           assets in the consolidated and separate financial statements of the sponsor.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted the definitions of plan assets, assets held by a long‑term employee           benefit fund and a qualifying insurance policy in IAS 19 paragraph 7. The IFRIC noted           that, if a policy was issued by a group company to the employee benefit fund then the           treatment would depend upon whether the policy was a ‘non‑transferable financial           instrument issued by the reporting entity’. Since the policy was issued by a related           party, it could not meet the definition of a qualifying insurance policy.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC considered that the issue was too narrow in scope to develop an Interpretation           and decided not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_0003" id="IAS19_FN0004" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1775" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, January 2008, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS               19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—Definition of           plan assets’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC received a request for guidance on the accounting for investment or insurance           policies that are issued by an entity to a pension plan covering its own employees (or the           employees of an entity that is consolidated in the same group as the entity issuing the           policy). The request asked for guidance on whether such policies would be part of plan           assets in the consolidated and separate financial statements of the sponsor.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted the definitions of plan assets, assets held by a long‑term employee           benefit fund and a qualifying insurance policy in IAS 19 paragraph 7. The IFRIC noted           that, if a policy was issued by a group company to the employee benefit fund then the           treatment would depend upon whether the policy was a ‘non‑transferable financial           instrument issued by the reporting entity’. Since the policy was issued by a related           party, it could not meet the definition of a qualifying insurance policy.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC considered that the issue was too narrow in scope to develop an Interpretation           and decided not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_27" id="IAS19_FN0007" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1778" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, August 2002, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee           Benefits</ph></ph>—Classification of an insured plan’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">This issue relates to a particular insured plan found in Sweden. The IFRIC was asked to           provide guidance on whether the particular plan was a defined benefit plan, or a defined           contribution plan under IAS 19 and, if it was thought to be a defined benefit plan,           whether it would qualify for the exemptions from defined benefit plan accounting available           under IAS 19 for some multi‑employer plans.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC agreed not to develop an Interpretation. IAS 19 was clear that the particular           plan considered was a defined benefit plan. However, the IFRIC’s Agenda Committee was           looking at whether the general issue of the availability of the exemptions for           multi‑employer plans should be examined by the IFRIC.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_46" id="IAS19_FN0009" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1780" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, January 2008, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS               19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—Death in service           benefits’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">An entity may provide payments to employees if they die while employed (‘death in           service’ benefits). In some situations, IAS 19 requires these benefits to be attributed to           periods of service using the Projected Unit Credit Method. The IFRIC received a request           for guidance on how an entity should attribute these benefits to periods of service. The           request noted that different treatments existed in practice.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that paragraph 67(b) of IAS 19 requires attribution of the cost of the           benefits until the date ‘when further service by the employee will lead to no material           amount of further benefits under the plan, other than from further salary increases.’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In the case of death in service benefits, the IFRIC noted           that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">the anticipated date of death would be the date at which no material amount of               further benefit would arise from the plan;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">using different mortality assumptions for a defined benefit pension plan and an               associated death in service benefit would not comply with the requirement in paragraph               72 of IAS 19 to use actuarial assumptions that are mutually compatible; and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">if the conditions in paragraph 39 of IAS 19 were met then accounting for death in               service benefits on a defined contribution basis would be appropriate.</p>           </li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC concluded that divergence in this area was unlikely to be significant. In           addition, any further guidance that it could issue would be application guidance on the           use of the Projected Unit Credit Method. The IFRIC therefore decided not to add the issue           to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IAS19_27" id="EDUFN_ad2019_june_ap13_IAS19" class="- topic/fn ">                  <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about the classification of a post-employment benefit           plan applying IAS 19. In the fact pattern described in the request, an entity sponsors a           post- employment benefit plan that is administered by a third party. The relevant terms           and conditions of the plan are as follows:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the entity has an obligation to pay fixed annual               contributions to the plan. The entity has determined that it will have no legal or               constructive obligation to pay further contributions if the plan does not hold               sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits relating to employee service in the               current and prior periods.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the entity is entitled to a potential discount on its annual               contributions. The discount arises if the ratio of plan assets to plan liabilities               exceeds a set level. Thus, any discount might be affected by actuarial assumptions and               the return on plan assets.</p></li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">The request asked whether, applying IAS 19, the existence of a right to a potential           discount would result in a defined benefit plan classification.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 8 of IAS 19 defines defined contribution plans as ‘post-employment benefit           plans under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a separate entity (a fund) and           will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further contributions if the fund           does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits relating to employee service           in the current and prior periods’. Defined benefit plans are ‘post-employment benefit           plans other than defined contribution plans’.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraphs 27–30 of IAS 19 specify requirements relating to the classification of           post-employment benefit plans as either defined contribution plans or defined benefit           plans.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 27 states that ‘[p]ost-employment benefit plans are classified as either           defined contribution or defined benefit plans, depending on the economic substance of the           plan as derived from its principal terms and conditions’. The Committee therefore noted           the importance of assessing all relevant terms and conditions of a post-employment benefit           plan, as well as any informal practices that might give rise to a constructive obligation,           in classifying the plan. That assessment would identify whether:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the entity’s legal or constructive obligation towards               employees is limited to the amount that it agrees to contribute to the fund (a defined               contribution plan as described in paragraph 28); or</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the entity has an obligation to provide the agreed benefits               to current and former employees (a defined benefit plan as described in paragraph               30).</p></li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee noted that, in the fact pattern described in the request, assessing the           relevant terms and conditions of the plan would include, for example, assessing (a) the           manner and frequency in which annual contributions and any potential discount (including           the target ratio) are determined; and (b) whether the manner and frequency of determining           the contributions and any discount transfers actuarial risk and investment risk (as           described in IAS 19) to the entity.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee observed that, to meet the definition of a defined contribution plan, an           entity must (a) have an obligation towards employees to pay fixed contributions into a           fund; and (b) not be obliged to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold           sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits relating to employee service in the current           or prior periods. For example, there should be no possibility that future contributions           could be set to cover shortfalls in funding employee benefits relating to employee service           in the current and prior periods.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee also observed that paragraphs 28 and 30 of IAS 19 specify that, under           defined contribution plans, actuarial risk and investment risk fall in substance on the           employee whereas, under defined benefit plans, those risks fall in substance on the           entity. Paragraphs 28 and 30 describe (a) actuarial risk as the risk that benefits will           cost the entity more than expected or will be less than expected for the employee; and (b)           investment risk as the risk that assets invested will be insufficient to meet expected           benefits. Paragraph BC29 of IAS 19 explains that the definition of defined contribution           plans does not exclude the upside potential that the cost to the entity may be less than           expected.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">Consequently, the Committee concluded that, applying IAS 19, the existence of a right to           a potential discount would not in itself result in classifying a post-employment benefit           plan as a defined benefit plan. Nonetheless, the Committee reiterated the importance of           assessing all relevant terms and conditions of a plan, as well as any informal practices           that might give rise to a constructive obligation, in classifying the plan. </p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee noted that, applying paragraph 122 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, an           entity would disclose the judgements that its management has made regarding the           classification of post-employment benefit plans, if those are part of the judgements that           had the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that the requirements in IAS 19 provide an adequate basis for an           entity to determine the classification of a post-employment benefit plan as a defined           contribution plan or a defined benefit plan. Consequently, the Committee decided not to           add the matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IAS19_51" id="IAS19_FN0010" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1781" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, July 2011, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS               19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—defined           contribution plans with vesting conditions’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request seeking clarification on the effect that           vesting conditions have on the accounting for defined contribution plans. The Committee           was asked whether contributions to such plans should be recognised as an expense in the           period for which they are paid or over the vesting period. In the examples given in the           submission, the employee’s failure to meet a vesting condition could result in the refund           of contributions to, or reductions in future contributions by, the employer.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee noted from the definition of a defined contribution plan in paragraph 8 of           IAS 19 and the explanation in paragraph BC5 of IAS 19 that vesting conditions do not           affect the classification of a plan as a defined contribution plan if the employer is not           required to make additional contributions to cover shortfalls because of these vesting           conditions. In addition, the Committee noted from the guidance in paragraph 50 of IAS 19           that accounting for defined contribution plans is based on accounting for the reporting           entity’s obligation to pay contributions to the separate entity that runs the plan, but           not accounting for the obligation to the employees who benefit from the plan. As such, the           Committee noted that accounting for defined contribution plans under IAS 19 focuses on the           employer’s obligation to make a contribution to the separate entity that runs the plan.           Consequently, paragraph 51 of IAS 19 requires, and paragraph IN5 of IAS 19 explains, that           each contribution to a defined contribution plan is to be recognised as an expense or           recognised as a liability (accrued expense) over the period of service that obliges the           employer to pay this contribution to the defined contribution plan. This period of service           is distinguished from the period of service that entitles an employee to receive the           benefit from the defined contribution plan (ie the vesting period), although both periods           may be coincident in some circumstances. Refunds are recognised as an asset and as income           when the entity/employer becomes entitled to the refunds, eg when the employee fails to           meet the vesting condition.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee noted that there is no significant diversity in practice in respect of the           effect that vesting conditions have on the accounting for defined contribution           post‑employment benefit plans, nor does it expect significant diversity in practice to           emerge in the future. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this issue to its           agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_55" id="IAS19_FN0011" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1782" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, April 2002, Agenda           Decision, ‘Employee benefits—Undiscounted vested employee benefits’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC considered the possibility of issuing guidance on whether vested benefits           payable when an employee left service could be recognised at an undiscounted amount (ie           the amount that would be payable if all employees left the entity at the balance sheet           date). The IFRIC agreed that it would not issue an interpretation on this matter because           the answer is clear under IAS 19: the measurement of the liability for the vested benefits           must reflect the expected date of employees leaving service and be discounted to a present           value.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_70" id="IAS19_FN0013" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1784" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, September 2007,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS               19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—Post‑employment           benefits—Benefit allocation for defined benefit plans’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">IAS 19 requires entities to attribute the benefit in defined benefit plans to periods of           service in accordance with the benefit formula, unless the benefit formula would result in           a materially higher level of benefit allocated to future years. In that case, the entity           allocates the benefit on a straight‑line basis (paragraph 67 of IAS 19). The IFRIC had           previously considered whether entities should take into account expected increases in           salary in determining whether a benefit formula expressed in terms of current salary           allocates a materially higher level of benefit in later years.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC considered this issue as part of its deliberations leading to Draft IFRIC           Interpretation D9 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Employee Benefits with a Promised Return on Contributions or Notional             Contributions</i>. However, the IFRIC suspended work on this project until it could see           what implications might be drawn from the Board’s deliberations in its project on           post‑employment benefits.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that the Board will not address this issue for all defined benefit plans           in phase I of its project on post‑employment benefits. However, the IFRIC noted that it           would be difficult to address this issue while the Board had an ongoing project that           addressed the issue for some defined benefit plans. The IFRIC decided to remove this issue           from its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_70" id="IAS19_FN0014" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1785" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, January 2008, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS               19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—Death in service           benefits’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">An entity may provide payments to employees if they die while employed (‘death in           service’ benefits). In some situations, IAS 19 requires these benefits to be attributed to           periods of service using the Projected Unit Credit Method. The IFRIC received a request           for guidance on how an entity should attribute these benefits to periods of service. The           request noted that different treatments existed in practice.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that paragraph 67(b) of IAS 19 requires attribution of the cost of the           benefits until the date ‘when further service by the employee will lead to no material           amount of further benefits under the plan, other than from further salary increases.’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In the case of death in service benefits, the IFRIC noted           that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">the anticipated date of death would be the date at which no material amount of               further benefit would arise from the plan;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">using different mortality assumptions for a defined benefit pension plan and an               associated death in service benefit would not comply with the requirement in paragraph               72 of IAS 19 to use actuarial assumptions that are mutually compatible; and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">if the conditions in paragraph 39 of IAS 19 were met then accounting for death in               service benefits on a defined contribution basis would be appropriate.</p>           </li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC concluded that divergence in this area was unlikely to be significant. In           addition, any further guidance that it could issue would be application guidance on the           use of the Projected Unit Credit Method. The IFRIC therefore decided not to add the issue           to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_70" id="EDUFN_ad2021_may_ap12a_IAS19" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, April 2021, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—Attributing Benefit to           Periods of Service’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about the periods of           service to which an entity attributes benefit for a particular defined benefit plan. Under           the terms of the plan:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">employees are entitled to a lump sum benefit payment when               they reach a specified retirement age provided they are employed by the entity when               they reach that retirement age; and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the amount of the retirement benefit to which an employee is               entitled depends on the length of employee service with the entity before the               retirement age and is capped at a specified number of consecutive years of               service.</p></li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">To illustrate the fact pattern described in the request,           assume an entity sponsors a defined benefit plan for its employees. Under the terms of the           plan:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">employees are entitled to a retirement benefit only when               they reach the retirement age of 62 provided they are employed by the entity when they               reach that retirement age;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the amount of the retirement benefit is calculated as one               month of final salary for each year of service with the entity before the retirement               age;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the retirement benefit is capped at 16 years of service               (that is, the maximum retirement benefit to which an employee is entitled is 16 months               of final salary); and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">d.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">the retirement benefit is calculated using only the number               of consecutive years of employee service with the entity immediately before the               retirement age.</p></li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p "><xref href="IAS19_g70-70.dita#IAS19_g70_70/IAS19_g70_70_TI" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraphs 70–74 of IAS             19</xref> require an entity to attribute benefit to periods of service under the plan’s           benefit formula from the date when employee service first leads to benefits under the plan           until the date when further employee service will lead to no material amount of further           benefits under the plan. <xref href="IAS19_71.dita#IAS19_71" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 71</xref> requires           an entity to attribute benefit to periods in which the obligation to provide           post-employment benefits arises. That paragraph also specifies that the obligation arises           as employees render services in return for post-employment benefits an entity expects to           pay in future reporting periods. <xref href="IAS19_72.dita#IAS19_72" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 72</xref>           specifies that employee service before the vesting date gives rise to a constructive           obligation because, at the end of each successive reporting period, the amount of future           service an employee will have to render before becoming entitled to the benefit is           reduced.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">For the defined benefit plan illustrated in this agenda           decision:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">if an employee joins the entity before the age of 46 (that               is, there are more than 16 years before the employee’s retirement age), any service               the employee renders before the age of 46 does not lead to benefits under the plan.               Employee service before the age of 46 affects neither the timing nor the amount of the               retirement benefit. Accordingly, the entity’s obligation to provide the retirement               benefit arises for employee service rendered only from the age of 46.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">if an employee joins the entity on or after the age of 46,               any service the employee renders leads to benefits under the plan. Employee service               rendered from the date of employment affects the amount of the retirement benefit.               Accordingly, the entity’s obligation to provide the retirement benefit arises from the               date the employee first renders service.</p></li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IAS19_73.dita#IAS19_73" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 73 of IAS             19</xref> specifies that an entity’s obligation increases until the date when further           service by the employee will lead to no material amount of further benefits under the           plan. The Committee observed that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">each year of service between the age of 46 and the age of 62               leads to further benefits because service rendered in each of those years reduces the               amount of future service an employee will have to render before becoming entitled to               the retirement benefit.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value><p class="- topic/p ">an employee will receive no material amount of further               benefits from the age of 62, regardless of the age at which the employee joins the               entity. The entity therefore attributes retirement benefit only until the age of               62.</p></li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">Consequently, for the defined benefit plan illustrated in this agenda decision, the           Committee concluded that the entity attributes retirement benefit to each year in which an           employee renders service from the age of 46 to the age of 62 (or, if employment commences           on or after the age of 46, from the date the employee first renders service to the age of           62). The Committee’s conclusion aligns with the outcome set out in the first part of           Example 2 illustrating paragraph 73 (that is, for employees who join before the age of           35), which is part of IAS 19.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an           adequate basis for an entity to determine the periods to which retirement benefit is           attributed in the fact pattern described in the request. Consequently, the Committee           decided not to add a standard-setting project to the work plan.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_75" id="IAS19_FN0015" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1786" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, January 2008, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS               19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—Death in service           benefits’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">An entity may provide payments to employees if they die while employed (‘death in           service’ benefits). In some situations, IAS 19 requires these benefits to be attributed to           periods of service using the Projected Unit Credit Method. The IFRIC received a request           for guidance on how an entity should attribute these benefits to periods of service. The           request noted that different treatments existed in practice.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that paragraph 67(b) of IAS 19 requires attribution of the cost of the           benefits until the date ‘when further service by the employee will lead to no material           amount of further benefits under the plan, other than from further salary increases.’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In the case of death in service benefits, the IFRIC noted           that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">the anticipated date of death would be the date at which no material amount of               further benefit would arise from the plan;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">using different mortality assumptions for a defined benefit pension plan and an               associated death in service benefit would not comply with the requirement in paragraph               72 of IAS 19 to use actuarial assumptions that are mutually compatible; and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">if the conditions in paragraph 39 of IAS 19 were met then accounting for death in               service benefits on a defined contribution basis would be appropriate.</p>           </li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC concluded that divergence in this area was unlikely to be significant. In           addition, any further guidance that it could issue would be application guidance on the           use of the Projected Unit Credit Method. The IFRIC therefore decided not to add the issue           to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_83" id="IAS19_FN0016" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1787" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC®—Items not added to the agenda,           February 2002, ‘Employee benefits—calculation of discount rates’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">How to determine the discount rate to be used in measuring a defined benefit liability           under IAS 19 when there is no deep market in high quality corporate bonds and the terms of           government bonds are much shorter than the benefit obligations. The IFRIC agreed to not           add this issue to its agenda because IAS 19 provides sufficient guidance.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_83" id="IAS19_FN0017" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1788" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, July 2013, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—pre-tax or           post-tax discount rate’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request for guidance on the calculation of           defined benefit obligations. In particular, the submitter asked the Interpretations           Committee to clarify whether, in accordance with IAS 19 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph> (2011), the discount rate           used to calculate a defined benefit obligation should be a pre-tax or post-tax rate.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The tax regime in the jurisdiction of the submitter can be           summarised as follows:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1789" class="- topic/p ">the entity receives a tax deduction for contributions that are made               to the plan;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1790" class="- topic/p ">the plan pays tax on the contributions received and on the               investment income earned; but</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1791" class="- topic/p ">the plan does not receive a tax deduction for the benefits paid.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1792" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted           that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1793" class="- topic/p ">paragraph 76(b)(iv) of IAS 19 (2011) mentions only taxes on               contributions and benefits payable within the context of measuring the defined benefit               obligation;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1794" class="- topic/p ">paragraph 130 of IAS 19 (2011) states that: “in determining the               return on plan assets, an entity deducts the costs of managing the plan assets and any               tax payable by the plan itself, other than tax included in the actuarial assumptions               used to measure the defined benefit obligation”; and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1795" class="- topic/p ">according to paragraph BC130 of IAS 19 (2011) the measurement of the               obligation should be independent of the measurement of any plan assets actually held               by a plan.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS19_P1796" class="- topic/p ">Consequently, the Interpretations Committee observed that the discount           rate used to calculate a defined benefit obligation should be a pre-tax discount rate. On           the basis of the analysis above the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this           issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_83" id="IAS19_FN0018" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1797" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, November 2013,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefit</ph></ph>—Actuarial           assumptions: discount rate’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee discussed a request for           guidance on the determination of the rate used to discount post-employment benefit           obligations. The submitter stated that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1798" class="- topic/p ">according to paragraph 83 of IAS 19 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph> (2011) the discount               rate should be determined by reference to market yields at the end of the reporting               period on “high quality corporate bonds” (HQCB);</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1799" class="- topic/p ">IAS 19 does not specify which corporate bonds qualify to be               HQCB;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1800" class="- topic/p ">according to prevailing past practice, listed corporate bonds have               usually been considered to be HQCB if they receive one of the two highest ratings               given by a recognised rating agency (eg ‘AAA’ and ‘AA’); and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">d.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1801" class="- topic/p ">because of the financial crisis, the number of corporate bonds rated               ‘AAA’ or ‘AA’ has decreased in proportions that the submitter considers               significant.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1802" class="- topic/p ">In the light of the points above, the           submitter asked the Interpretations Committee whether corporate bonds with a rating lower           than ‘AA’ can be considered to be HQCB.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee observed that IAS 19 does not specify how to determine the           market yields on HQCB, and in particular what grade of bonds should be designated as high           quality. The Interpretations Committee considers that an entity should take into account           the guidance in paragraphs 84 and 85 of IAS 19 (2011) in determining what corporate bonds           can be considered to be HQCB. Paragraphs 84 and 85 of IAS 19 (2011) state that the           discount rate:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1803" class="- topic/p ">reflects the time value of money but not the actuarial or investment               risk;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1804" class="- topic/p ">does not reflect the entity-specific credit risk;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1805" class="- topic/p ">does not reflect the risk that future experience may differ from               actuarial assumptions; and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">d.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1806" class="- topic/p ">reflects the currency and the estimated timing of benefit               payments.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS19_P1807" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee further noted that ‘high quality’ as used           in paragraph 83 of IAS 19 reflects an absolute concept of credit quality and not a concept           of credit quality that is relative to a given population of corporate bonds, which would           be the case, for example, if the paragraph used the term ‘the highest quality’.           Consequently, the Interpretations Committee observed that the concept of high quality           should not change over time. Accordingly, a reduction in the number of HQCB should not           result in a change to the concept of high quality. The Interpretations Committee does not           expect that an entity’s methods and techniques used for determining the discount rate so           as to reflect the yields on HQCB will change significantly from period to period.           Paragraphs 83 and 86 of IAS 19, respectively, contain requirements if the market in HQCB           is no longer deep or if the market remains deep overall, but there is an insufficient           number of HQCB beyond a certain maturity.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee also noted that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1808" class="- topic/p ">paragraphs 144 and 145 of IAS 19 (2011) require an entity to               disclose the significant actuarial assumptions used to determine the present value of               the defined benefit obligation and a sensitivity analysis for each significant               actuarial assumption;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1809" class="- topic/p ">the discount rate is typically a significant actuarial assumption;               and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1810" class="- topic/p ">an entity shall disclose the judgements that management has made in               the process of applying the entity's accounting policies and that have the most               significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements in accordance               with paragraph 122 of IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>;               typically the identification of the HQCB population used as a basis to determine the               discount rate requires the use of judgement, which may often have a significant effect               on the entity’s financial statements.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS19_P1811" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee discussed this issue in several meetings           and noted that issuing additional guidance on, or changing the requirements for, the           determination of the discount rate would be too broad for it to address in an efficient           manner. The Interpretations Committee therefore recommends that this issue should be           addressed in the IASB’s research project on discount rates. Consequently, the           Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_83" id="IAS19_FN0019" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1812" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, February 2002,           ‘Employee benefits—calculation of discount rates’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">How to determine the discount rate to be used in measuring a defined benefit liability           under IAS 19 when there is no deep market in high quality corporate bonds and the terms of           government bonds are much shorter than the benefit obligations. The IFRIC agreed to not           add this issue to its agenda because IAS 19 provides sufficient guidance.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_83" id="IAS19_FN0020" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1813" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, July 2013, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—pre-tax or           post-tax discount rate’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request for guidance on the calculation of           defined benefit obligations. In particular, the submitter asked the Interpretations           Committee to clarify whether, in accordance with IAS 19 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph> (2011), the discount rate           used to calculate a defined benefit obligation should be a pre-tax or post-tax rate.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The tax regime in the jurisdiction of the submitter can be           summarised as follows:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">the entity receives a tax deduction for contributions that are made to the plan;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">the plan pays tax on the contributions received and on the investment income earned;               but</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">the plan does not receive a tax deduction for the benefits paid.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">paragraph 76(b)(iv) of IAS 19 (2011) mentions only taxes on contributions and               benefits payable within the context of measuring the defined benefit obligation;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">paragraph 130 of IAS 19 (2011) states that: “in determining the return on plan               assets, an entity deducts the costs of managing the plan assets and any tax payable by               the plan itself, other than tax included in the actuarial assumptions used to measure               the defined benefit obligation”; and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">according to paragraph BC130 of IAS 19 (2011) the measurement of the obligation               should be independent of the measurement of any plan assets actually held by a               plan.</p>           </li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">Consequently, the Interpretations Committee observed that the discount rate used to           calculate a defined benefit obligation should be a pre-tax discount rate. On the basis of           the analysis above the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its           agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_83" id="IAS19_FN0021" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P822" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, November 2013, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefit</ph></ph>—Actuarial           assumptions: discount rate’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee discussed a request for           guidance on the determination of the rate used to discount post-employment benefit           obligations. The submitter stated that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">according to paragraph 83 of IAS 19 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph> (2011) the discount rate               should be determined by reference to market yields at the end of the reporting period               on “high quality corporate bonds” (HQCB);</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">IAS 19 does not specify which corporate bonds qualify to be HQCB;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">according to prevailing past practice, listed corporate bonds have usually been               considered to be HQCB if they receive one of the two highest ratings given by a               recognised rating agency (eg ‘AAA’ and ‘AA’); and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">d.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">because of the financial crisis, the number of corporate bonds rated ‘AAA’ or ‘AA’               has decreased in proportions that the submitter considers significant.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In the light of the points above, the submitter asked the           Interpretations Committee whether corporate bonds with a rating lower than ‘AA’ can be           considered to be HQCB.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee observed that IAS 19 does not specify how to determine the           market yields on HQCB, and in particular what grade of bonds should be designated as high           quality. The Interpretations Committee considers that an entity should take into account           the guidance in paragraphs 84 and 85 of IAS 19 (2011) in determining what corporate bonds           can be considered to be HQCB. Paragraphs 84 and 85 of IAS 19 (2011) state that the           discount rate:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">reflects the time value of money but not the actuarial or investment risk;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">does not reflect the entity-specific credit risk;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">does not reflect the risk that future experience may differ from actuarial               assumptions; and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">d.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">reflects the currency and the estimated timing of benefit payments.</p>           </li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee further noted that ‘high quality’ as used in paragraph 83           of IAS 19 reflects an absolute concept of credit quality and not a concept of credit           quality that is relative to a given population of corporate bonds, which would be the           case, for example, if the paragraph used the term ‘the highest quality’. Consequently, the           Interpretations Committee observed that the concept of high quality should not change over           time. Accordingly, a reduction in the number of HQCB should not result in a change to the           concept of high quality. The Interpretations Committee does not expect that an entity’s           methods and techniques used for determining the discount rate so as to reflect the yields           on HQCB will change significantly from period to period. Paragraphs 83 and 86 of IAS 19,           respectively, contain requirements if the market in HQCB is no longer deep or if the           market remains deep overall, but there is an insufficient number of HQCB beyond a certain           maturity.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee also noted that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">paragraphs 144 and 145 of IAS 19 (2011) require an entity to disclose the significant               actuarial assumptions used to determine the present value of the defined benefit               obligation and a sensitivity analysis for each significant actuarial assumption;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">the discount rate is typically a significant actuarial assumption; and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">an entity shall disclose the judgements that management has made in the process of               applying the entity's accounting policies and that have the most significant               effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements in accordance with               paragraph 122 of IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>; typically the identification of               the HQCB population used as a basis to determine the discount rate requires the use of               judgement, which may often have a significant effect on the entity’s financial               statements.</p>           </li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee discussed this issue in several meetings and noted that           issuing additional guidance on, or changing the requirements for, the determination of the           discount rate would be too broad for it to address in an efficient manner. The           Interpretations Committee therefore recommends that this issue should be addressed in the           IASB’s research project on discount rates. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee           decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_83" id="IAS19_FN0022" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1837" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, June 2017,             'IAS 19 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee               Benefits</ph></ph>—Discount rate in a country that has adopted another country’s           currency'</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request to clarify how an entity determines the rate used to           discount post-employment benefit obligations (discount rate) in a country (Ecuador) that           has adopted another currency as its official or legal currency (the US dollar). The           entity’s post-employment benefit obligation is denominated in US dollars. The submitter           says there is no deep market for high quality corporate bonds denominated in US dollars in           the country in which the entity operates (Ecuador).</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The submitter asked whether, in that situation, the entity considers the depth of the           market in high quality corporate bonds denominated in US dollars in other markets or           countries in which those bonds are issued (for example, the United States). If there is no           deep market in high quality corporate bonds denominated in US dollars, IAS 19 requires the           entity to use the market yield on government bonds denominated in US dollars when           determining the discount rate. The submitter asked whether the entity can use market           yields on bonds denominated in US dollars issued by the Ecuadorian government, or whether           instead the entity is required to use market yields on bonds denominated in US dollars           issued by a government in another market or country.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee observed, applying paragraph 83 of IAS 19,           that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1838" class="- topic/p ">an entity with post-employment benefit obligations denominated in a               particular currency assesses the depth of the market in high quality corporate bonds               denominated in that currency. This means that the entity does not limit this               assessment to the market or country in which it operates, but also considers other               markets or countries in which high quality corporate bonds denominated in that               currency are issued.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1839" class="- topic/p ">if there is a deep market in high quality corporate bonds               denominated in that currency, the entity determines the discount rate by reference to               market yields on high quality corporate bonds at the end of the reporting period. It               does so even if there is no deep market in such bonds in the market or country in               which the entity operates. In this situation, the entity does not use market yields on               government bonds to determine the discount rate.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1840" class="- topic/p ">if there is no deep market in high quality corporate bonds               denominated in that currency, the entity determines the discount rate using market               yields on government bonds denominated in that currency.</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">d.</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1841" class="- topic/p ">the entity applies judgement to determine the appropriate population               of high quality corporate bonds or government bonds to reference when determining the               discount rate. The currency and term of the bonds should be consistent with the               currency and estimated term of the post-employment benefit obligations.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS19_P1842" class="- topic/p ">The Committee noted that the discount rate does not reflect the expected           return on plan assets. Paragraph BC130 of IAS 19 says that the measurement of the           obligation should be independent of the measurement of any plan assets actually held by a           plan.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">In addition, the Committee considered the interaction between the requirements in           paragraphs 75 and 83 of IAS 19. Paragraph 75 of IAS 19 requires actuarial assumptions to           be mutually compatible. The Committee concluded that it is not possible to assess whether,           and to what extent, a discount rate derived by applying the requirements in paragraph 83           of IAS 19 is compatible with other actuarial assumptions. Accordingly, the entity applies           the requirements in paragraph 83 of IAS 19 when it determines the discount rate.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that the requirements in IAS 19 provide an adequate basis for an           entity to determine the discount rate when the entity operates in a country that has           adopted another currency as its official or legal currency. Consequently, the Committee           decided not to add this matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_g87-98" id="IAS19_FN0023" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1843" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, November 2007,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS               19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—Changes to a plan           caused by government’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC was asked to provide guidance on accounting for the effects of a change to a           defined benefit plan resulting from action by a government.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that IAS 19 already provides guidance on whether the identity of the           originator of the change affects the accounting. Paragraph BC55 of the Basis for           Conclusions on IAS 19 explains the IASC Board’s decision to reject the proposal that ‘past           service cost should not be recognised immediately if the past service cost results from           legislative changes (such as a new requirement to equalise retirement ages for men and           women) or from decisions by trustees who are not controlled, or influenced, by the           entity’s management’. In other words, IASC did not believe that the source of the change           should affect the accounting. Therefore, the accounting for changes caused by government           should be the same as for changes made by an employer.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC acknowledged that, in some circumstances, it might be difficult to determine           whether the change affects either actuarial assumptions or benefits payable and noted that           judgement is required. The IFRIC also noted that any guidance beyond that given in IAS 19           would be more in the nature of application guidance than an Interpretation. </p>         <p class="- topic/p ">For this reason, the IFRIC decided not to add this item to the agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_88" id="IAS19_FN0024" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1844" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, September 2012,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—Accounting           for contribution-based promises: impact of the 2011 amendments to IAS 19’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request for clarification about the accounting           in accordance with IAS 19 (2011) for contribution-based promises. An underlying concern in           the submission was whether the revisions to IAS 19 in 2011 that, for example, clarified           the treatment of risk-sharing features related to defined benefit obligations, affect the           accounting for contribution-based promises.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that the 2011 amendments to IAS 19 clarified the           treatment of risk-sharing features (described in paragraph BC144 as features that share           the benefit of a surplus or the cost of a deficit between the employer and the plan           participants or benefit plans that provide benefits that are conditional to some extent on           whether there are sufficient assets in the plan to fund them). The Interpretations           Committee noted that the IASB did not intend to address elements specific to           contribution-based promises in the amendments. Accordingly, the Interpretations Committee           does not expect the 2011 amendments to cause changes to the accounting for           contribution-based promises unless such promises also include elements of risk sharing           arrangements between employees and employers. Finally, the Interpretations Committee noted           that the IASB expressed, in paragraph BC148 of the revised Standard, that addressing           concerns about the measurement of contribution-based promises and similar promises was           beyond the scope of the 2011 amendments.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">On the basis of the analysis described above, the Interpretations Committee decided not           to add the issue to its agenda. It is, however, working towards proposals to address the           accounting for contribution-based promises. [see the following footnote]]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_88" id="IAS19_FN0025" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1845" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, May 2014, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—employee           benefit plans with a guaranteed return on contributions or notional contributions’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee observed that the accounting for the plans that fall within           the scope of the project is an important issue. These plans are part of a growing range of           plan designs that incorporate features that were not envisaged when IAS 19 was first           developed. The accounting for these plans in accordance with IAS 19 is problematic and has           resulted in diversity in practice.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee attempted to develop a           solution to improve the financial reporting for such plans. However, it was unable to           reach a consensus in identifying a suitable scope for an amendment that would both:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">improve the accounting for a sufficient population of plans such that the benefits               would exceed the costs; and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">limit any unintended consequences that would arise from making an arbitrary               distinction between otherwise similar plans.</p>           </li></ol>         <p class="- topic/p ">In the Interpretations Committee’s view, developing accounting requirements for these           plans would be better addressed by a broader consideration of accounting for employee           benefits, potentially through the research agenda of the IASB. The Interpretations           Committee acknowledged that reducing diversity in practice in the short term would be           beneficial. However, because of the difficulties encountered in progressing the issues,           the Interpretations Committee decided to remove the project from its agenda. The           Interpretations Committee notes the importance of this issue because of the increasing use           of these plans. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee would welcome progress on the           IASB’s research project on post-employment benefits.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_104" id="IAS19_FN0026" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1846" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, November 2007,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS               19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—Changes to a plan           caused by government’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC was asked to provide guidance on accounting for the effects of a change to a           defined benefit plan resulting from action by a government. </p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that IAS 19 already provides guidance on whether the identity of the           originator of the change affects the accounting. Paragraph BC55 of the Basis for           Conclusions on IAS 19 explains the IASC Board’s decision to reject the proposal that ‘past           service cost should not be recognised immediately if the past service cost results from           legislative changes (such as a new requirement to equalise retirement ages for men and           women) or from decisions by trustees who are not controlled, or influenced, by the           entity’s management’. In other words, IASC did not believe that the source of the change           should affect the accounting. Therefore, the accounting for changes caused by government           should be the same as for changes made by an employer.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC acknowledged that, in some circumstances, it might be difficult to determine           whether the change affects either actuarial assumptions or benefits payable and noted that           judgement is required. The IFRIC also noted that any guidance beyond that given in IAS 19           would be more in the nature of application guidance than an Interpretation. </p>         <p class="- topic/p ">For this reason, the IFRIC decided not to add this item to the agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_g113-115" id="IAS19_FN0027" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1847" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, March 2015, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—Should           longevity swaps held under a defined benefit plan be measured as a plan asset at fair           value or on another basis as a "qualifying insurance policy"?’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify           the measurement of longevity swaps held under an entity’s defined benefit pension           plan.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The submitter raised a question about whether an entity should:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1848" class="- topic/p ">account for a longevity swap as a single instrument and measure its               fair value as part of plan assets in accordance with paragraphs 8 and 113 of IAS 19               and IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value                   Measurement</ph></ph>, with changes in fair value being recorded in other               comprehensive income; or</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>             <p id="IAS19_P1849" class="- topic/p ">split a longevity swap into two components and use another basis of               measurement for a qualifying insurance policy for one of the components, applying               paragraph 115 of IAS 19.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS19_P1850" class="- topic/p ">The submitter also raised questions about presentation if the           measurement in criterion (b) were to be used. The outreach did not provide evidence that           the use of longevity swaps is widespread. The Interpretations Committee understands that           when such transactions take place, the predominant practice is to account for a longevity           swap as a single instrument, and measure it at fair value as part of plan assets, by           applying paragraphs 8 and 113 of IAS 19 and IFRS 13.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">On the basis of this analysis, the Interpretations Committee concluded that it did not           expect diversity to develop in the application of IAS 19 and it therefore decided not to           add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS19_162" id="IAS19_FN0028" class="- topic/fn ">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS19_P1851" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, January 2012, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph>—Applying the           definition of termination benefits to "Altersteilzeit" plans’</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request for guidance regarding the application           of IAS 19 (2011) to ‘Altersteilzeit’ plans (ATZ plans) in Germany. ATZ plans are early           retirement programmes designed to create an incentive for employees within a certain age           group to smooth the transition from (full- or part-time) employment into retirement before           the employees’ legal retirement age. ATZ plans offer bonus payments to employees in           exchange for a 50 per cent reduction in working hours. Their employment is terminated at           the end of a required service period. The bonus payments are wholly conditional on the           completion of the required service period. If employment ends before the required service           is provided, the employees do not receive the bonus payments. ATZ plans typically operate           over a period of one to six years. Eligibility for the benefit would be on the basis of           the employee’s age but would also typically include a past service requirement.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">IAS 19 (2011) was the result of revisions issued in 2011 to           IAS 19. These revisions, among other things, amended the guidance relating to termination           benefits. Paragraph 8 of IAS 19 (2011) defines termination benefits as ‘employee benefits           provided in exchange for the termination of an employee’s employment as a result of           either:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">an entity’s decision to terminate an employee’s employment before the normal               retirement date; or</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">an employee’s decision to accept an offer of benefits in exchange for the termination               of employment.’</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee observed that ATZ plans have attributes of           both required service and termination benefits. The Committee noted that the distinction           between benefits provided in exchange for services and termination benefits should be           based on:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">all the relevant facts and circumstances for each individual entity’s offer of               benefits under the plan considered;</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">the indicators provided in paragraph 162 of IAS 19 (2011); and</p>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>             <p class="- topic/p ">the definitions of the different categories of employee benefits in IAS 19               (2011).</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee noted that, in the fact pattern described           above, consistently with paragraph 162(a) of IAS 19 (2011), the fact that the bonus           payments are wholly conditional upon completion of an employee service over a period           indicates that the benefits are in exchange for that service. They therefore do not meet           the definition of termination benefits.</p>         <p class="- topic/p ">On the basis of the analysis described above, the Committee decided not to add the issue           to its agenda.] </p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>