<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_BC239" base="F16152376" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC239</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC239" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS19_P1616" class="- topic/p ">Respondents expressed the following concerns about the sensitivity analysis on the defined benefit obligation:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F16152381" id="IAS19_L0196" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="F16152382" id="IAS19_P1617" class="- topic/p ">The sensitivity disclosure would not take into account the correlations between various actuarial assumptions. Some respondents suggested that a scenario analysis would be more useful. The Board concluded that, although a scenario analysis could provide more useful information, the complexity and cost of producing the information would outweigh the benefits.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="F16152384" id="IAS19_P1618" class="- topic/p ">Some respondents were concerned that carrying out a series of sensitivity analyses on several actuarial assumptions would be onerous. Some requested that the sensitivity analysis should be limited to the assumptions that have a significant effect on the financial statements, such as the discount rate. The Board agreed with these respondents that in many cases the discount rate would be one of the most significant assumptions. However, depending on the plan and other facts and circumstances, other assumptions might be significant. The 2010 ED proposed that the sensitivity analysis should apply only to ‘significant actuarial assumptions’. Consequently, the Board confirmed that proposal.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p base="F16152386" id="IAS19_P1619" class="- topic/p ">Some respondents raised a concern that a ‘reasonably possible’ change is open to subjectivity and suggested that IAS 19 should specify a quantitative range. However, although setting the range to a particular percentage might improve comparability, the Board was concerned that a quantitative range might not reflect the reasonably possible ranges in different circumstances. The Board noted that requiring sensitivity on the basis of changes in the relevant actuarial assumption that were ‘reasonably possible’ at that date is consistent with the sensitivity disclosure requirements of other standards, such as <xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" base="F16231038" id="IAS19_X1103" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 7</xref> .</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>