<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_BC181" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC181</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC181" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant base="F19791028" id="IAS19_BC181_V2" principles="no" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant ">       <p id="IAS19_P1504" class="- topic/p ">Supporters of a gross approach advocated that approach for one or more of the following reasons: </p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="F19791029" id="IAS19_L0181" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p base="F19791031" id="IAS19_P1505" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IAS19_gBC174-BC177.dita#IAS19_gBC174_BC177/IAS19_gBC174_BC177_TI" base="F19791032" id="IAS19_X1038" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph BC174</xref> gives a justification for presenting defined benefit obligations net of plan assets. The explanation focuses on whether offsetting is appropriate. Part (c) of the 1998 definition focuses on offsetting. This suggests that assets that satisfy parts (a) and (b) of the definition, but fail part (c), should be treated in the same way as plan assets for recognition and measurement purposes, but should be shown gross in the balance sheet without offsetting.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p base="F19791034" id="IAS19_P1506" class="- topic/p ">If offsetting is allowed when condition (c) is not met, this would seem to be equivalent to permitting a net presentation for ‘in‑substance defeasance’ and other analogous cases where IAS 32 indicates explicitly that offsetting is inappropriate. IASC rejected ‘in‑substance defeasance’ for financial instruments (see IAS 39 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph><xref keyref="footnotes/IAS19_FN0042" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> paragraph AG59) and there was no obvious reason to permit it in accounting for defined benefit plans. In these cases the entity retains an obligation that should be recognised as a liability and the entity’s right to reimbursement from the plan is a source of economic benefits that should be recognised as an asset. Offsetting would be permitted if the conditions in <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_g42-95.dita#IAS32_g42_95/IAS32_g42_95_TI_V2" id="IAS19_X1039" scope="local" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 42 of IAS 32</xref> are satisfied.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p base="F19791043" id="IAS19_P1507" class="- topic/p ">IASC decided in <xref href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" base="F19791044" id="IAS19_X1040" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 37</xref> to require a gross presentation for reimbursements related to provisions, even though this was not previously general practice. There is no conceptual reason to require a different treatment for employee benefits.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>           <p base="F19791048" id="IAS19_P1508" class="- topic/p ">Although some consider that a gross approach requires an entity to recognise assets that it does not control, others believe that this view is incorrect. A gross approach requires the entity to recognise an asset representing its right to receive reimbursement from the fund that holds those assets. It does not require the entity to recognise the underlying assets of the fund.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>           <p base="F19791050" id="IAS19_P1509" class="- topic/p ">In a plan with plan assets that meet the definition adopted in 1998, the employees’ first claim is against the fund—they have no claim against the entity if sufficient assets are in the fund. In the view of some, the fact that employees must first claim against the fund is more than just a difference in form—it changes the substance of the obligation.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value>           <p base="F19791052" id="IAS19_P1510" class="- topic/p ">Defined benefit plans might be regarded under <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidation—Special Purpose Entities</ph></ph><xref keyref="footnotes/IAS19_FN0043" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> as special purpose entities that the entity controls—and that it should consolidate. Because the offsetting criterion in IAS 19 was consistent with offsetting criteria in other International Accounting Standards, it was relatively unimportant whether the pension plan is consolidated in cases where the obligation and the plan assets qualify for offset. If the assets are presented as a deduction from the related benefit obligations in cases where condition (c) is not met, it could become important to assess whether the entity should consolidate the plan.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>