<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_BC247" base="F16152436" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC247</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC247" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS19_P1640" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" base="F16231073" id="IAS19_X1109" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 37</xref> requires an entity to disclose information about contingent liabilities  and IAS 19 notes that contingent liabilities may arise from an entity’s participation in a multi‑employer plan. The Board identified two cases in which such information may be relevant, namely withdrawal from the plan and the wind‑up of a plan. In the Board’s view, disclosure of the withdrawal liability should be limited to qualitative information, for the following reasons:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F16152438" id="IAS19_L0201" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="F16152439" id="IAS19_P1641" class="- topic/p ">If an entity is not committed to withdrawing from the plan, the plan is not committed to being wound up or a withdrawal liability has not been agreed between the entity and the plan, determining the withdrawal liability would be difficult. Furthermore, additional measurement requirements would have to be developed as well as further disclosure about the assumptions used.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="F16152441" id="IAS19_P1642" class="- topic/p ">Withdrawal is not always an option for an entity. However, the Board decided that an entity should disclose whether it is unable to withdraw from a plan because that would be useful information for a user of the financial statements.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p base="F16152443" id="IAS19_P1643" class="- topic/p ">The cost of obtaining the information would make the disclosure onerous if it were required for all entities in all circumstances. Moreover, an entity may be unable to obtain the information.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>