<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_BC150" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC150</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC150" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant id="IAS19_BC150_V3" base="F37062665" principles="no" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant "> <p id="IAS19_P1380" class="- topic/p ">The Board clarified the following points in the light of responses to the 2010 ED:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IAS19_L0164" base="F37062666" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1381" base="F37062668" class="- topic/p ">Contributions from employees in respect of service should be attributed to periods of service in accordance with <xref href="IAS19_g70-70.dita#IAS19_g70_70/IAS19_g70_70_TI" id="IAS19_X0986" base="F37062669" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 70</xref> using the benefit formula, or on a straight‑line basis (ie the back‑end loading test and attribution in paragraph 70 should be based on the net benefit).<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS19_FN0039" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> This reflects the Board’s view that contributions from employees can be viewed as a negative benefit. In addition, the Board noted that a portion of future employee contributions may be connected with salary increases included in the defined benefit obligation. Applying the same method of attribution to that portion of the contribution and the salary increases avoids an inconsistency.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1382" base="F37062673" class="- topic/p ">An entity would apply judgement in determining whether a change in an input is a change in the terms of the benefit (resulting in past service cost) or a change in an assumption (resulting in an actuarial gain or loss). This clarification is consistent with guidance that existed in IAS 19 before 2011, describing how to address employee contributions for medical costs.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1383" base="F37062675" class="- topic/p ">The best estimate of the ultimate cost of the benefits reflects the best estimate of the effect of terms of the plan that require or allow a change to the level of benefit, or that provide other benefit options, regardless of whether the benefits are adjustable by the entity, by the managers of the plan, or by the employees.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1384" base="F37062677" class="- topic/p ">The measurement of the defined benefit obligation takes account of the effect of any limit on contributions by the employer (see paragraph 91). In the Board’s view, this is consistent with the objective of determining the ultimate cost of the benefits. The Board concluded that the effect of such a limit should be determined over the shorter of the expected life of the plan and the expected life of the entity. Determining the limit over a period longer than the current period is necessary to identify whether the effect of the limit is temporary or permanent. For example, the service cost may be higher than the maximum contribution amount in the current period, but if in subsequent years the service cost is lower than the contribution amount, then the effect of the limit is more of a deferral of current period contributions than a limit on the total contributions required.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1385" base="F37062679" class="- topic/p ">The amendments relating to risk‑sharing are not intended to be limited to particular relationships. Some respondents noted that some plans’ risks are shared not only with employees, but also with other parties (such as the government). In the Board’s view, an entity should consider such arrangements in determining the defined benefit obligation. Nevertheless, entities need to consider whether those contributions are reimbursements as described in <xref href="IAS19_g116-119.dita#IAS19_g116_119/IAS19_g116_119_TI" id="IAS19_X0987" base="F37062680" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 116–119</xref> (and therefore must be recognised as reimbursement rights) or reductions in the defined benefit obligation.</p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>