<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_BC72" base="F16151048" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC72</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC72" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS19_P1142" class="- topic/p ">Most respondents supported the proposal to recognise all changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation and in the fair value of plan assets when they occur. However, some respondents expressed concerns about immediate recognition:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS19_L0129" base="F16151050" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1143" base="F16151051" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Measurement model requires further work</i>—some respondents expressed the view that the measurement model needs a comprehensive review and that it would be disruptive to move to immediate recognition of changes arising from the measurement model in IAS 19. However, in the Board’s view, deferred recognition makes accounting for defined benefit plans obscure and difficult for users to understand. Consequently, the Board decided not to delay the introduction of the requirement for immediate recognition.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1144" base="F16151053" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Relevance of information</i>—some respondents expressed the view that some changes to the net defined benefit liability (asset) occurring in a period are not relevant to the measurement of a long‑term liability. This is because past gains or losses may be offset by future losses or gains. However, in the Board’s view it is not inevitable that future gains or losses will occur and offset past losses or gains.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1145" base="F16151055" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Volatility</i>—many respondents were concerned that volatility might result if an entity reported all changes in the net defined benefit liability (asset) in each period and that this volatility would impede year‑on‑year comparability, and would obscure the profitability of the entity’s core business. However, the Board believes that a measure should be volatile if it faithfully represents transactions and other events that are themselves volatile, and that financial statements should not omit such information. In the Board’s view, that information should be presented in a way that is most useful to users of financial statements. Therefore, the Board introduced a presentation that allows users of financial statements to isolate remeasurements of the entity’s net defined benefit liability (asset) (see <xref href="IAS19_gBC88-BC91.dita#IAS19_gBC88_BC91/IAS19_gBC88_BC91_TI" id="IAS19_X0928" base="F16229703" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC88–BC100</xref>).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1146" base="F16151057" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Behavioural and social consequences</i>—some respondents expressed concerns that immediate recognition might have adverse behavioural and social consequences. For example, they were concerned that entities might try to eliminate short‑term volatility by making long‑term economically inefficient decisions about the allocation of plan assets, or by making socially undesirable amendments to plan terms. However, in the Board’s view, it is not the responsibility of accounting standard‑setters to encourage or discourage particular behaviour. Their responsibility is to set standards that result in the provision of relevant information that faithfully represents an entity’s financial position, financial performance and cash flows so that users of that information can make well‑informed decisions.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1147" base="F16151069" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Potential effect on debt covenants</i>—some respondents were concerned that immediate recognition could lead to difficulties with debt covenants based on earnings or net assets, and impair entities’ ability to pay dividends because of legal restrictions based on amounts in financial statements. In the Board’s view, it is up to the entity and the holder of a covenant to determine whether to insulate a debt covenant from the effects of a new or amended accounting standard or to determine how they might renegotiate any existing covenant.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>