<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_BC244" base="F16152405" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC244</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC244" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS19_P1629" class="- topic/p ">The Board also considered, but rejected, requiring disclosure of:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS19_L0199" base="F16152407" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1630" base="F16152408" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">actuarial assumptions and the process used to determine them</i>—the 2010 ED proposed that if the disclosure of demographic assumptions (such as mortality) would be difficult to interpret without additional demographic information, the entity should explain how it made those actuarial assumptions. Few respondents supported that proposal. Respondents commented that the disclosure would lead to boilerplate descriptions that would not be particularly helpful and that users rely on the entity, its actuaries and auditors to ensure that the demographic assumptions are reasonable. The Board agreed with these views and withdrew the proposal.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1631" base="F16152410" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">an alternative measure of the long‑term employee benefit liability</i>—the 2010 ED proposed that entities should disclose the defined benefit obligation, excluding projected growth in salaries (sometimes referred to as the accumulated benefit obligation). Many respondents said that the relevance of such a disclosure would vary by country and by plan and that it would be inappropriate to require a disclosure simply because it would be relevant to some users in limited circumstances. The Board agreed with those respondents and withdrew the proposal.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1632" base="F16152412" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">disaggregation of the defined benefit obligation</i>—some respondents suggested that instead of the proposed disclosure as described in paragraph BC244(b), a more relevant disclosure would be a disaggregation of the defined benefit obligation showing, for example, vested benefits, accrued but unvested benefits, future salary increases, other constructive obligations and amounts owing to active members, deferred members and pensioners. The Board concluded that disaggregating the defined benefit obligation to distinguish components with different risk characteristics, as suggested by some respondents, would better meet the disclosure objectives, but requiring any particular disaggregation would be costly for preparers. However, disaggregation of the defined benefit obligation is included as an example of additional information that an entity may provide in order to meet the disclosure objectives.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1633" base="F16152415" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">factors that may cause contributions to differ from service cost</i>—in the Board’s view, information about the effect of a surplus or deficit on the timing and amount of an entity’s contributions is useful. Consequently, the 2010 ED proposed disclosure of factors that could cause contributions over the next five years to differ from current service cost. Many respondents did not support that proposal, observing that an entity’s cash flows would be determined by funding requirements and not by the service cost as determined in accordance with IAS 19. Consequently, a discussion of those factors would not be relevant to a user’s understanding of the entity’s cash flows. The Board agreed with those respondents and withdrew the proposal.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1634" base="F16152417" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">historical information</i>—the amendments made in 2011 deleted the previous requirement to disclose historical information over five years about amounts in the statement of financial position and experience adjustments. The Board concluded that this requirement provided information about the defined benefit plan that was already available in previous financial statements and therefore was redundant.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>