<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_BC26" base="F16150742" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC26</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC26" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS19_P1043" class="- topic/p ">IASC considered three alternative approaches to measuring the obligation that results from unused entitlement to accumulating paid absences: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS19_L0115" base="F16150744" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1044" base="F16150745" class="- topic/p ">recognise the entire unused entitlement as a liability, on the basis that any future payments are made first out of unused entitlement and only subsequently out of entitlement that will accumulate in future periods (a FIFO approach);</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1045" base="F16150747" class="- topic/p ">recognise a liability to the extent that future payments for the employee group as a whole are expected to exceed the future payments that would have been expected in the absence of the accumulation feature (a group LIFO approach); or</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1046" base="F16150759" class="- topic/p ">recognise a liability to the extent that future payments for individual employees are expected to exceed the future payments that would have been expected in the absence of the accumulation feature (an individual LIFO approach).</p></li></ol><p id="IAS19_P1047" base="F16150760" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">These methods are illustrated by the following example.</p><table outputclass="ruled" id="IAS19_TAB0014" base="F16150769" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="20*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="80*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> BC Example 1</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="4" class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P1049" base="F16150771" class="- topic/p ">An entity has 100 employees, who are each entitled to five working days of paid sick leave for each year. Unused sick leave may be carried forward for one year. Such leave is taken first out of the current year’s entitlement and then out of any balance brought forward from the previous year (a LIFO basis).</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P1050" base="F16150772" class="- topic/p ">At 31 December 20X1 the average unused entitlement is two days per employee. The entity expects, on the basis of past experience that is expected to continue, that 92 employees will take no more than four days of paid sick leave in 20X2 and that the remaining 8 employees will take an average of six and a half days each.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P1051" base="F16150775" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Method (a):</i></p></entry><entry colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P1052" base="F16150776" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The entity recognises a liability equal to the undiscounted amount of 200 days of sick pay (two days each, for 100 employees). It is assumed that the first 200 days of paid sick leave result from the unused entitlement.</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P1053" base="F16150787" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Method (b):</i></p></entry><entry colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P1054" base="F16150781" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The entity recognises no liability because paid sick leave for the employee group as a whole is not expected to exceed the entitlement of five days each in 20X2.</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P1055" base="F16150785" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Method (c):</i></p></entry><entry colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS19_P1056" base="F16150783" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The entity recognises a liability equal to the undiscounted amount of 12 days of sick pay (one and a half days each, for 8 employees).</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>