<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_BC212" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC212</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC212" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant base="F58849990" principles="no" id="IAS19_BC212_V2" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant ">       <p id="IAS19_P1571" class="- topic/p ">The Board considered whether it should require the same disclosure objectives for defined benefit plans as for long‑term financial instruments and insurance contracts. All three expose the entity to similar risks, including risks that the ultimate cost of settling the liability may vary from the amount estimated and risks arising from the complexity of measuring the liability. Many respondents stated that the disclosures in IAS 19 do not provide users of financial statements with the information about risk that is provided for other assets and liabilities. However, the Board concluded that much of the information required by <xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" base="F58849991" id="IAS19_X1090" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 7</xref> and IFRS 4 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph><xref keyref="footnotes/IAS19_FN0053" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> for assets would be unnecessary in depicting an entity’s involvement with a defined benefit plan because:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="F58849994" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS19_L0190" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p base="F58849996" id="IAS19_P1572" class="- topic/p ">the entity may not manage plan assets directly and may not have an unrestricted ability to access the economic benefits from those assets. Thus, plan assets differ from assets held directly by the entity. Consequently, disclosures about market risk and credit risk of plan assets are less relevant than for assets an entity holds directly. Moreover, an entity may have limited information about them.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p base="F58849998" id="IAS19_P1573" class="- topic/p ">liquidity risk arises from the timing and amount of contributions that the entity is required to make to the plan and not from the need to meet directly the payments required by the defined benefit obligation.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>