<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS19_BC202" base="F16152117" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC202</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC202" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS19_P1540" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Board also considered:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F16152149" id="IAS19_L0183" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="F16152150" id="IAS19_P1541" class="- topic/p ">requiring the net interest component to be included in the finance cost line item of <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F16230904" id="IAS19_X1073" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1</xref>, as proposed in the 2010 ED. However, if the Board had adopted this approach, it would have needed to consider whether the requirement would apply when the net interest component represents income because <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F16230932" id="IAS19_X1074" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1</xref> requires only finance cost and not finance income to be presented separately. The Board would also have needed to consider in due course whether it should apply similar treatment to amounts related to the passage of time in other projects, such as revenue recognition, insurance contracts and leases. The Board concluded that this would be beyond the scope of the project and that it should consider this aspect of presentation in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income more broadly as part of the financial statement presentation project.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="F16152152" id="IAS19_P1542" class="- topic/p ">amending <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F16230934" id="IAS19_X1075" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1</xref> to require a separate line item for the net interest component or to require presentation of a line item that would combine service cost and net interest. The Board concluded that although these amounts would be material to many entities, there is no reason to single out post‑employment benefits for special treatment in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. If an entity thinks that information about pensions is sufficiently important to the users of its financial statements, <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F16230933" id="IAS19_X1076" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1</xref> already permits that entity to provide disaggregated information in the performance statements. The Board would also have had to consider the implications of adding mandatory line items to <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F16230935" id="IAS19_X1077" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1</xref> if the entity presented its expenses by function. The Board concluded that this was beyond the scope of the project.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>