<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F124971" principles="no" id="IFRIC07_BC16"><paranum>BC16</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRIC 7"/><data name="paranum" value="BC16"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRIC07_P0449">The IFRIC also observed that respondents&#x2019; reference to prospective application under US GAAP reflects requirements only for investments in foreign entities in hyperinflationary economies. In this case, paragraph 11 of SFAS 52 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Foreign Currency Translation</ph></ph> states:</p><lq>       <p base="SL137329" id="IFRIC07_P0450">The financial statements of a foreign entity in a highly inflationary economy shall <i>be remeasured as if the functional currency were the reporting currency</i>. Accordingly, the financial statements of those entities shall be remeasured into the reporting currency according to the requirements of paragraph 10 &#x2026; [emphasis added]</p>     </lq><p base="SL137330" id="IFRIC07_P0451">Therefore, under US GAAP a foreign entity&#x2019;s financial statements are remeasured into its investor&#x2019;s functional currency. The IFRIC noted that this approach is different from the restate/translate approach under IFRSs. US GAAP provides different guidance for reporting entities operating with a hyperinflationary functional currency. APB Statement No. 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Statements Restated for General Price&#x2011;Level Changes</ph></ph> is also based on a restatement approach, and would require retrospective application, as under <xref base="F77792336" href="../ias29/IAS29_TOC0001.dita#IAS29_TOC0001" id="IFRIC07_X0071">IAS 29</xref>. The IFRIC observed that for the purpose of presenting comparative amounts in a different presentation currency under IFRSs <xref base="SL210990" href="../ias21/IAS21_42.dita#IAS21_42" id="IFRIC07_X0072">paragraphs 42(b) and 43 of IAS 21</xref> apply. In such instances, an entity will have relief from the required restatement of comparatives under <xref base="F77792337" href="../ias29/IAS29_TOC0001.dita#IAS29_TOC0001" id="IFRIC07_X0073">IAS 29</xref>. <xref base="F15826904" href="../ias21/IAS21_BC22.dita#IAS21_BC22" id="IFRIC07_X0074">Paragraph BC22 of IAS 21</xref> explains the reasoning for this specific exemption as follows:</p><lq>       <p base="SL137331" id="IFRIC07_P0452">&#x2026; If exchange rates fully reflect differing price levels between the two economies to which they relate, the SIC&#x2011;30 approach will result in the same amounts for the comparatives as were reported as current year amounts in the prior year financial statements. Furthermore, the Board noted that in the prior year, the relevant amounts had been already expressed in the non&#x2011;hyperinflationary presentation currency, and there was no reason to change them.</p>     </lq></body></paragraph>