<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IFRS16_APPA"><title base="F31716722" id="IFRS16_APPA_TI">Appendix A Defined terms</title><body><note type="note">       <p base="SL45930019" id="IFRS16_P0348">This appendix is an integral part of the Standard.</p>     </note><dl base="SL45930020" id="IFRS16_D0001"><dlentry base="SL45930021" id="IFRS16_DI0001"><dt base="SL45930022" id="IFRS16_TE0001">commencement date of the lease (commencement date)</dt><dd>           <p base="SL45930024" id="IFRS16_P0349">The date on which a <b>lessor</b> makes an <b>underlying asset</b> available for use by a <b>lessee</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL45930025" id="IFRS16_DI0002"><dt base="SL45930026" id="IFRS16_TE0002">economic life</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929638" id="IFRS16_P0350">Either the period over which an asset is expected to be economically usable by one or more users or the number of production or similar units expected to be obtained from an asset by one or more users.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL45930028" id="IFRS16_DI0003"><dt base="SL45930029" id="IFRS16_TE0003">effective date of the modification</dt><dd>           <p base="SL45930031" id="IFRS16_P0351">The date when both parties agree to a <b>lease modification</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL45930032" id="IFRS16_DI0004"><dt base="SL45930033" id="IFRS16_TE0004">fair value</dt><dd>           <p base="SL45930035" id="IFRS16_P0352">For the purpose of applying the <b>lessor</b> accounting requirements in this Standard, the amount for which an asset could be exchanged, or a liability settled, between knowledgeable, willing parties in an arm’s length transaction.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL45930036" id="IFRS16_DI0005"><dt base="SL45930037" id="IFRS16_TE0005">finance lease</dt><dd>           <p base="SL45930039" id="IFRS16_P0354">A <b>lease</b> that transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an <b>underlying asset</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="SL45930040" id="IFRS16_DI0006"><dt base="SL45930041" id="IFRS16_TE0006">fixed payments</dt><dd>           <p base="SL45930043" id="IFRS16_P0355">Payments made by a <b>lessee</b> to a <b>lessor</b> for the right to use an <b>underlying asset</b> during the <b>lease term</b>, excluding <b>variable lease payments</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929650" id="IFRS16_DI0007"><dt base="F45929648" id="IFRS16_TE0007">gross investment in the lease</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929651" id="IFRS16_P0356">The sum of:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F45929653" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0037"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>               <p base="F45929654" id="IFRS16_P0357">the <b>lease payments</b> receivable by a <b>lessor</b> under a <b>finance lease</b>; and</p>             </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>               <p base="F45929659" id="IFRS16_P0358">any <b>unguaranteed residual value</b> accruing to the lessor.</p>             </li></ol>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929663" id="IFRS16_DI0008"><dt base="F45929661" id="IFRS16_TE0008">inception date of the lease (inception date)</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929664" id="IFRS16_P0359">The earlier of the date of a <b>lease</b> agreement and the date of commitment by the parties to the principal terms and conditions of the lease.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929668" id="IFRS16_DI0009"><dt base="F45929666" id="IFRS16_TE0009">initial direct costs</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929669" id="IFRS16_P0360">Incremental costs of obtaining a <b>lease</b> that would not have been incurred if the lease had not been obtained, except for such costs incurred by a manufacturer or dealer <b>lessor</b> in connection with a <b>finance lease</b>.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929675" id="IFRS16_DI0010"><dt base="F45929673" id="IFRS16_TE0010">interest rate implicit in the lease</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929676" id="IFRS16_P0362">The rate of interest that causes the present value of (a) the <b>lease payments</b> and (b) the <b>unguaranteed residual value</b> to equal the sum of (i) the <b>fair value</b> of the <b>underlying asset</b> and (ii) any <b>initial direct costs</b> of the lessor.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929684" id="IFRS16_DI0011"><dt base="F45929682" id="IFRS16_TE0011">lease</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929685" id="IFRS16_P0363">A contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to use an asset (the <b>underlying asset</b>) for a period of time in exchange for consideration.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929690" id="IFRS16_DI0012"><dt base="F45929688" id="IFRS16_TE0012">lease incentives</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929691" id="IFRS16_P0366">Payments made by a <b>lessor</b> to a <b>lessee</b> associated with a <b>lease</b>, or the reimbursement or assumption by a lessor of costs of a lessee.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929696" id="IFRS16_DI0013"><dt base="F45929694" id="IFRS16_TE0013">lease modification</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929697" id="IFRS16_P0367">A change in the scope of a <b>lease</b>, or the consideration for a lease, that was not part of the original terms and conditions of the lease (for example, adding or terminating the right to use one or more <b>underlying assets</b>, or extending or shortening the contractual <b>lease term</b>).</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929703" id="IFRS16_DI0014"><dt base="F45929701" id="IFRS16_TE0014">lease payments</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929704" id="IFRS16_P0369">Payments made by a <b>lessee</b> to a <b>lessor</b> relating to the right to use an <b>underlying asset</b> during the <b>lease term</b>, comprising the following:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F45929706" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0038"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>               <p base="F45929707" id="IFRS16_P0370"><b>fixed payments</b> (including in-substance fixed payments                                  ), less any <b>lease incentives</b>;</p>             </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>               <p base="F45929711" id="IFRS16_P0371"><b>variable lease payments</b> that depend on an index or a rate;</p>             </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>               <p base="F45929714" id="IFRS16_P0372">the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and</p>             </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>               <p base="F45929716" id="IFRS16_P0373">payments of penalties for terminating the <b>lease</b>, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease.</p>             </li></ol>           <p base="F45929718" id="IFRS16_P0374">For the lessee, lease payments also include amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under <b>residual value guarantees</b>. Lease payments do not include payments allocated to non-lease components of a contract, unless the lessee elects to combine non-lease components with a lease component and to account for them as a single lease component.</p>           <p base="F45929721" id="IFRS16_P0375">For the lessor, lease payments also include any residual value guarantees provided to the lessor by the lessee, a party related to the lessee or a third party unrelated to the lessor that is financially capable of discharging the obligations under the guarantee. Lease payments do not include payments allocated to non-lease components.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929724" id="IFRS16_DI0015"><dt base="F45929722" id="IFRS16_TE0015">lease term</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929725" id="IFRS16_P0376">The non-cancellable period for which a <b>lessee</b> has the right to use an <b>underlying asset</b>, together with both:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F45929729" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0039"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>               <p base="F45929730" id="IFRS16_P0377">periods covered by an option to extend the <b>lease</b> if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and</p>             </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>               <p base="F45929732" id="IFRS16_P0378">periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain not to exercise that option.</p>             </li></ol>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929735" id="IFRS16_DI0016"><dt base="F45929733" id="IFRS16_TE0016">lessee</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929736" id="IFRS16_P0380">An entity that obtains the right to use an <b>underlying asset</b> for a period of time in exchange for consideration.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929740" id="IFRS16_DI0017"><dt base="F45929738" id="IFRS16_TE0017">lessee’s incremental borrowing rate</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929741" id="IFRS16_P0381">The rate of interest that a <b>lessee</b> would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the <b>right-of-use asset</b> in a similar economic environment.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929746" id="IFRS16_DI0018"><dt base="F45929744" id="IFRS16_TE0018">lessor</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929747" id="IFRS16_P0382">An entity that provides the right to use an <b>underlying asset</b> for a period of time in exchange for consideration.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929751" id="IFRS16_DI0019"><dt base="F45929749" id="IFRS16_TE0019">net investment in the lease</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929758" id="IFRS16_P0383">The <b>gross investment in the lease</b> discounted at the <b>interest rate implicit in the lease</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929763" id="IFRS16_DI0020"><dt base="F45929761" id="IFRS16_TE0020">operating lease</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929764" id="IFRS16_P0384">A <b>lease</b> that does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an <b>underlying asset</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929807" id="IFRS16_DI0021"><dt base="F45929767" id="IFRS16_TE0021">optional lease payments</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929808" id="IFRS16_P0385">Payments to be made by a <b>lessee</b> to a <b>lessor</b> for the right to use an <b>underlying asset</b> during periods covered by an option to extend or terminate a <b>lease</b> that are not included in the <b>lease term</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929815" id="IFRS16_DI0022"><dt base="F45929813" id="IFRS16_TE0022">period of use</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929816" id="IFRS16_P0386">The total period of time that an asset is used to fulfil a contract with a customer (including any non-consecutive periods of time).</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929819" id="IFRS16_DI0023"><dt base="F45929817" id="IFRS16_TE0023">residual value guarantee</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929820" id="IFRS16_P0387">A guarantee made to a <b>lessor</b> by a party unrelated to the lessor that the value (or part of the value) of an <b>underlying asset</b> at the end of a <b>lease</b> will be at least a specified amount.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929826" id="IFRS16_DI0024"><dt base="F45929824" id="IFRS16_TE0024">right-of-use asset</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929827" id="IFRS16_P0388">An asset that represents a <b>lessee’s</b> right to use an <b>underlying asset</b> for the <b>lease term</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929833" id="IFRS16_DI0025"><dt base="F45929831" id="IFRS16_TE0025">short-term lease</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929834" id="IFRS16_P0389">A <b>lease</b> that, at the <b>commencement date</b>, has a <b>lease term</b> of 12 months or less. A lease that contains a purchase option is not a short-term lease.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929840" id="IFRS16_DI0026"><dt base="F45929838" id="IFRS16_TE0026">sublease</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929841" id="IFRS16_P0391">A transaction for which an <b>underlying asset</b> is re-leased by a <b>lessee</b> (‘intermediate lessor’) to a third party, and the <b>lease</b> (‘head lease’) between the head lessor and lessee remains in effect.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929847" id="IFRS16_DI0027"><dt base="F45929845" id="IFRS16_TE0027">underlying asset</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929849" id="IFRS16_P0392">An asset that is the subject of a <b>lease</b>, for which the right to use that asset has been provided by a <b>lessor</b> to a <b>lessee</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929855" id="IFRS16_DI0028"><dt base="F45929853" id="IFRS16_TE0028">unearned finance income</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929856" id="IFRS16_P0393">The difference between:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F45929858" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS16_L0040"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>               <p base="F45929859" id="IFRS16_P0394">the <b>gross investment in the lease</b>; and</p>             </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>               <p base="F45929862" id="IFRS16_P0395">the <b>net investment in the lease</b>.</p>             </li></ol>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929866" id="IFRS16_DI0029"><dt base="F45929864" id="IFRS16_TE0029">unguaranteed residual value</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929867" id="IFRS16_P0396">That portion of the residual value of the <b>underlying asset</b>, the realisation of which by a <b>lessor</b> is not assured or is guaranteed solely by a party related to the lessor.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F45929872" id="IFRS16_DI0030"><dt base="F45929870" id="IFRS16_TE0030">variable lease payments</dt><dd>           <p base="F45929873" id="IFRS16_P0397">The portion of payments made by a <b>lessee</b> to a <b>lessor</b> for the right to use an <b>underlying asset</b> during the <b>lease term</b> that varies because of changes in facts or circumstances occurring after the <b>commencement date</b>, other than the passage of time.</p>         </dd></dlentry></dl></body></topic>