<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS16_B48" base="F45930492"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B48</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="B48"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P0558">In determining whether additional information about leasing activities is necessary to meet the disclosure objective in <xref id="IFRS16_X0450" base="F47961279" href="IFRS16_g51-60.dita#IFRS16_g51-60/IFRS16_g51-60_TI">paragraph 51</xref>, a lessee shall consider:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS16_L0056" base="F45930494" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0559" base="F45930495">whether that information is relevant to users of financial statements. A lessee shall provide additional information specified in <xref id="IFRS16_X0451" base="F47961280" href="IFRS16_59.dita#IFRS16_59">paragraph 59</xref> only if that information is expected to be relevant to users of financial statements. In this context, this is likely to be the case if it helps those users to understand:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS16_L0057" base="F45930599" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0560" base="F45930600">the flexibility provided by leases. Leases may provide flexibility if, for example, a lessee can reduce its exposure by exercising termination options or renewing leases with favourable terms and conditions.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0561" base="F45930602">restrictions imposed by leases. Leases may impose restrictions, for example, by requiring the lessee to maintain particular financial ratios.</p></li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0562" base="F45930604">sensitivity of reported information to key variables. Reported information may be sensitive to, for example, future variable lease payments.</p></li><li><li_value>(iv)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0563" base="F45930606">exposure to other risks arising from leases.</p></li><li><li_value>(v)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0564" base="F45930608">deviations from industry practice. Such deviations may include, for example, unusual or unique lease terms and conditions that affect a lessee’s lease portfolio.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0565" base="F45930630">whether that information is apparent from information either presented in the primary financial statements or disclosed in the notes. A lessee need not duplicate information that is already presented elsewhere in the financial statements.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>