<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="F45930886" id="IFRS16_C10"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>C10</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;16"/><data name="paranum" value="C10"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P0636">A lessee may use one or more of the following practical expedients when applying this Standard retrospectively in accordance with <xref base="F47961424" href="IFRS16_gC5-C13.dita#IFRS16_gC5-C13/IFRS16_gC5-C13_TI" id="IFRS16_X0503">paragraph C5(b)</xref> to leases previously classified as operating leases applying IAS&#xa0;17. A lessee is permitted to apply these practical expedients on a lease-by-lease basis:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F45930888" id="IFRS16_L0068" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F45930889" id="IFRS16_P0637">a lessee may apply a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics (such as leases with a similar remaining lease term for a similar class of underlying asset in a similar economic environment). </p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F45930891" id="IFRS16_P0638">a lessee may rely on its assessment of whether leases are onerous applying <xref base="F47961425" href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" id="IFRS16_X0505"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS&#xa0;37</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph></xref> immediately before the date of initial application as an alternative to performing an impairment review. If a lessee chooses this practical expedient, the lessee shall adjust the right-of-use asset at the date of initial application by the amount of any provision for onerous leases recognised in the statement of financial position immediately before the date of initial application. </p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F45930894" id="IFRS16_P0639">a lessee may elect not to apply the requirements in <xref base="F47961426" href="IFRS16_gC8-C10.dita#IFRS16_gC8-C10/IFRS16_gC8-C10_TI" id="IFRS16_X0507">paragraph C8</xref> to leases for which the lease term ends within 12 months of the date of initial application. In this case, a lessee shall:</p> <ol outputclass="static" base="F45930896" id="IFRS16_L0069" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p base="F45930897" id="IFRS16_P0640">account for those leases in the same way as short-term leases as described in <xref base="F47961427" href="IFRS16_6.dita#IFRS16_6" id="IFRS16_X0508">paragraph 6</xref>; and</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p base="F45930899" id="IFRS16_P0641">include the cost associated with those leases within the disclosure of short-term lease expense in the annual reporting period that includes the date of initial application.</p></li></ol> </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p base="F45930902" id="IFRS16_P0643">a lessee may exclude initial direct costs from the measurement of the right-of-use asset at the date of initial application. </p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p base="F45930904" id="IFRS16_P0644">a lessee may use hindsight, such as in determining the lease term if the contract contains options to extend or terminate the lease. </p></li></ol></body></paragraph>