<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IFRS16_edu_footnotes"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv> <fn base="27" id="EDUFN-ad2021-september-ap-ifrs16">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, September 2021, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Leases</ph></ph>—Non-refundable Value Added Tax on Lease           Payments’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about how a lessee accounts           for any non-refundable value added tax (VAT) charged on lease payments. In the fact           pattern described in the request:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the lessee operates in a jurisdiction in which VAT is               charged on goods and services. A seller includes VAT in an invoice for payment issued               to a purchaser. In the case of leases, VAT is charged when an invoice for payment is               issued by a lessor to a lessee.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p outputclass="keep_with_next">the applicable               legislation:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>i.</li_value><p>requires a seller to collect VAT and remit it to the                   government; and</p></li><li><li_value>ii.</li_value><p>generally allows a purchaser to recover from the                   government VAT charged on payments for goods or services, including                 leases.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>because of the nature of its operations, the lessee can               recover only a portion of the VAT charged on purchased goods or services. This               includes VAT charged on payments it makes for leases. Consequently, a portion of the               VAT the lessee pays is non-refundable.</p></li><li><li_value>d.</li_value><p>lease agreements require the lessee to make payments to the               lessor that include amounts related to VAT charged in accordance with the applicable               legislation.</p></li></ol>         <p>The request asked whether, in applying IFRS 16, the lessee includes non-refundable VAT as           part of the lease payments for a lease.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Outreach conducted by the Committee and comment letters on           the Committee’s tentative agenda decision provided limited evidence:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>that non-refundable VAT on lease payments is material to               affected lessees; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>of diversity in the way lessees in similar circumstances               account for non-refundable VAT on lease payments.</p></li></ol>         <p>The Committee has therefore not received evidence that the matter has widespread effect           and has, or is expected to have, a material effect on those affected. Consequently, the           Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project to the work plan.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="100(b)" id="EDUFN-ad2020-june-ap3_IFRS16">                  <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about a sale and leaseback           transaction with variable payments. In the transaction described in the request:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>an entity (seller-lessee) enters into a sale and leaseback transaction whereby it               transfers an item of property, plant and equipment (PPE) to another entity               (buyer-lessor) and leases the asset back for five years.</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>the transfer of the PPE satisfies the requirements in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 15</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph> to be accounted for as a sale of               the PPE. The amount paid by the buyer-lessor to the seller-lessee in exchange for the               PPE equals the PPE’s fair value at the date of the transaction. </p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p>payments for the lease (which are at market rates) include variable payments,               calculated as a percentage of the seller-lessee’s revenue generated using the PPE               during the five-year lease term. The seller-lessee has determined that the variable               payments are not in-substance fixed payments as described in IFRS 16.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>The request asked how, in the transaction described, the seller-lessee measures the           right-of-use asset arising from the leaseback, and thus determines the amount of any gain           or loss recognised at the date of the transaction.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that the requirements applicable to the transaction described in           the request are in paragraph 100 of IFRS 16. Paragraph 100 states that ‘if the transfer of           an asset by the seller-lessee satisfies the requirements of IFRS 15 to be accounted for as           a sale of the asset: (a) the seller-lessee shall measure the right-of-use asset arising           from the leaseback at the proportion of the previous carrying amount of the asset that           relates to the right of use retained by the seller-lessee. Accordingly, the seller-lessee           shall recognise only the amount of any gain or loss that relates to the rights transferred           to the buyer-lessor. …’.</p>         <p>Consequently, to measure the right-of-use asset arising from the leaseback, the           seller-lessee determines the proportion of the PPE transferred to the buyer-lessor that           relates to the right of use retained—it does so by comparing, at the date of the           transaction, the right of use it retains via the leaseback to the rights comprising the           entire PPE. IFRS 16 does not prescribe a method for determining that proportion. In the           transaction described in the request, the seller-lessee could determine the proportion by           comparing, for example, (a) the present value of expected payments for the lease           (including those that are variable), with (b) the fair value of the PPE at the date of the           transaction. </p>         <p>The gain or loss the seller-lessee recognises at the date of the transaction is a           consequence of its measurement of the right-of-use asset arising from the leaseback.           Because the right of use the seller-lessee retains is not remeasured as a result of the           transaction (it is measured as a proportion of the PPE’s previous carrying amount), the           amount of the gain or loss recognised relates only to the rights transferred to the           buyer-lessor. Applying paragraph 53(i) of IFRS 16, the seller-lessee discloses gains or           losses arising from sale and leaseback transactions.</p>         <p>The seller-lessee also recognises a liability at the date of the transaction, even if all           the payments for the lease are variable and do not depend on an index or rate. The initial           measurement of the liability is a consequence of how the right-of-use asset is           measured—and the gain or loss on the sale and leaseback transaction determined—applying           paragraph 100(a) of IFRS 16.</p>         <p><b><i>lllustrative example</i></b></p>         <p><i>Seller-lessee enters into a sale and leaseback transaction whereby it transfers an             asset (PPE) to Buyer-lessor, and leases that PPE back for five years. The transfer of             the PPE satisfies the requirements in IFRS 15 to be accounted for as a sale of the             PPE.</i></p>         <p><i>The carrying amount of the PPE in Seller-lessee’s financial statements at the date of             the transaction is CU1,000,000, and the amount paid by Buyer-lessor for the PPE is             CU1,800,000 (the fair value of the PPE at that date). All the payments for the lease             (which are at market rates) are variable, calculated as a percentage of Seller-lessee’s             revenue generated using the PPE during the five-year lease term. At the date of the             transaction, the present value of the expected payments for the lease is CU450,000.             There are no initial direct costs.</i></p>         <p><i>Seller-lessee determines that it is appropriate to calculate the proportion of the PPE             that relates to the right of use retained using the present value of expected payments             for the lease. On this basis, the proportion of the PPE that relates to the right of use             retained is 25%, calculated as CU450,000 (present value of expected payments for the             lease) ÷ CU1,800,000 (fair value of the PPE). Consequently, the proportion of the PPE             that relates to the rights transferred to Buyer-lessor is 75%, calculated as             (CU1,800,000 − CU450,000) ÷ CU1,800,000. </i></p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><i>Applying paragraph 100(a), Seller-lessee:</i>           <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value><i>a.</i></li_value>               <p><i>measures the right-of-use asset at CU250,000, calculated as CU1,000,000                   (previous carrying amount of the PPE) × 25% (proportion of the PPE that relates to                   the right of use it retains).</i></p>             </li><li><li_value><i>b.</i></li_value>               <p><i>recognises a gain of CU600,000 at the date of the transaction, which is the gain                   that relates to the rights transferred to Buyer-lessor. This gain is calculated as                   CU800,000 (total gain on sale of the PPE (CU1,800,000 – CU1,000,000)) × 75%                   (proportion of the PPE that relates to rights transferred to                 Buyer-lessor).</i></p>             </li></ol>         </p>         <p><i>Applying paragraph 100(a), the right-of-use asset would not be measured at zero at the             date of the transaction because zero would not reflect the proportion of the previous             carrying amount of the PPE (CU1,000,000) that relates to the right of use retained by             Seller-lessee.</i></p>         <p><i>At the date of the transaction, Seller-lessee accounts for the transaction as             follows:</i></p>         <ol type="none"><li>             <p><i>Dr. Cash CU1,800,000</i></p>           </li><li>             <p><i>Dr. Right-of-use asset CU250,000</i></p>             <ol type="none"><li>                 <p><i>Cr. PPE CU1,000,000</i></p>               </li><li>                 <p><i>Cr. Liability CU450,000</i></p>               </li><li>                 <p><i>Cr. Gain on rights transferred CU600,000</i></p>               </li></ol>           </li></ol>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS 16 provide an           adequate basis for an entity to determine, at the date of the transaction, the accounting           for the sale and leaseback transaction described in the request. Consequently, the           Committee decided not to add the matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IFRS16_APPA" id="EDUFN-ad2019-september-ap8-IFRS16">                  <p>The Committee received a request about the definition of a lessee’s incremental borrowing           rate in IFRS 16. The request asked whether a lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is           required to reflect the interest rate in a loan with both a similar maturity to the lease           and a similar payment profile to the lease payments.</p>         <p>Applying IFRS 16, a lessee uses its incremental borrowing rate in measuring a lease           liability when the interest rate implicit in the lease cannot be readily determined           (paragraph 26 of IFRS 16). Appendix A to IFRS 16 defines a lessee’s incremental borrowing           rate as ‘the rate of interest that a lessee would have to pay to borrow over a similar           term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar           value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment’. The lessee’s           incremental borrowing rate is therefore a lease-specific rate that the Board defined ‘to           take into account the terms and conditions of the lease’ (paragraph BC162).</p>         <p>In determining its incremental borrowing rate, the Board explained in paragraph BC162           that, depending on the nature of the underlying asset and the terms and conditions of the           lease, a lessee may be able to refer to a rate that is readily observable as a starting           point. A lessee would then adjust such an observable rate as is needed to determine its           incremental borrowing rate as defined in IFRS 16.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee observed that the definition of a lessee’s           incremental borrowing rate requires a lessee to determine its incremental borrowing rate           for a particular lease considering the terms and conditions of the lease, and determine a           rate that reflects the rate it would have to pay to borrow:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>over a similar term to the lease term;</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>with a similar security to the security (collateral) in the lease;</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p>the amount needed to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset               arising from the lease; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>d.</li_value>             <p>in a similar economic environment to that of the lease.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>The definition of a lessee’s incremental borrowing rate in IFRS 16 does not explicitly           require a lessee to determine its incremental borrowing rate to reflect the interest rate           in a loan with a similar payment profile to the lease payments. Nonetheless, the Committee           observed that, in applying judgement in determining its incremental borrowing rate as           defined in IFRS 16, it would be consistent with the Board’s objective when developing the           definition of incremental borrowing rate for a lessee to refer as a starting point to a           readily observable rate for a loan with a similar payment profile to that of the           lease.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS 16 provide an           adequate basis for a lessee to determine its incremental borrowing rate. Consequently, the           Committee decided not to add the matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>  <fn base="IFRS16_B20" id="EDUFN-ad2019-june-ap11_IFRS16">                  <p>The Committee received a request about a particular contract for subsurface rights. In           the contract described in the request, a pipeline operator (customer) obtains the right to           place an oil pipeline in underground space for 20 years in exchange for consideration. The           contract specifies the exact location and dimensions (path, width and depth) of the           underground space within which the pipeline will be placed. The landowner retains the           right to use the surface of the land above the pipeline, but it has no right to access or           otherwise change the use of the specified underground space throughout the 20-year period           of use. The customer has the right to perform inspection, repairs and maintenance work           (including replacing damaged sections of the pipeline when necessary).</p>         <p>The request asked whether IFRS 16, <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 38</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Intangible               Assets</ph></ph> or another IFRS Standard applies in accounting for the contract.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Which IFRS Standard does an entity           consider first?</p>         <p>Paragraph 3 of IFRS 16 requires an entity to apply IFRS 16 to all leases, with limited           exceptions. Paragraph 9 of IFRS 16 states: ‘At inception of a contract, an entity shall           assess whether the contract is, or contains, a lease’.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that, in the contract described in the request, none of the           exceptions in paragraphs 3 and 4 of IFRS 16 apply—in particular, the Committee noted that           the underground space is tangible. Accordingly, if the contract contains a lease, IFRS 16           applies to that lease. If the contract does not contain a lease, the entity would then           consider which other IFRS Standard applies.</p>         <p>The Committee therefore concluded that the entity first considers whether the contract           contains a lease as defined in IFRS 16.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">The definition of a lease</p>         <p>Paragraph 9 of IFRS 16 states that ‘a contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract           conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in           exchange for consideration’. Applying paragraph B9 of IFRS 16, to meet the definition of a           lease the customer must have both:</p>         <ol outputclass="static"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>the right to obtain substantially all the economic benefits from use of an identified               asset throughout the period of use; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>the right to direct the use of the identified asset throughout the period of use.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><i>Identified asset</i></p>         <p>Paragraphs B13–B20 of IFRS 16 provide application guidance on an identified asset.           Paragraph B20 states that a ‘capacity portion of an asset is an identified asset if it is           physically distinct’. But ‘a customer does not have the right to use an identified asset           if the supplier has the substantive right to substitute the asset throughout the period of           use’ (paragraph B14).</p>         <p>The Committee observed that, in the contract described in the request, the specified           underground space is physically distinct from the remainder of the land. The contract’s           specifications include the path, width and depth of the pipeline, thereby defining a           physically distinct underground space. The space being underground does not in itself           affect whether it is an identified asset—the specified underground space is physically           distinct in the same way that a specified area of space on the land’s surface would be           physically distinct.</p>         <p>The landowner does not have the right to substitute the underground space throughout the           period of use. Consequently, the Committee concluded that the specified underground space           is an identified asset as described in paragraphs B13–B20.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><i>Right to obtain substantially all the economic benefits             from use</i></p>         <p>Paragraphs B21–B23 of IFRS 16 provide application guidance on the right to obtain           substantially all the economic benefits from use of an identified asset throughout the           period of use. Paragraph B21 specifies that a customer can have that right, for example,           by having exclusive use of the identified asset throughout the period of use.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that, in the contract described in the request, the customer has           the right to obtain substantially all the economic benefits from use of the specified           underground space throughout the 20-year period of use. The customer has exclusive use of           the specified underground space throughout that period of use.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><i>Right to direct the use</i></p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Paragraphs B24-B30 of IFRS 16 provide application guidance           on the right to direct the use of an identified asset throughout the period of use.           Paragraph B24 specifies that a customer has that right if either:</p>         <ol outputclass="static"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>the customer has the right to direct how and for what purpose the asset is used               throughout the period of use; or</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>the relevant decisions about how and for what purpose the asset is used are               predetermined and (i) the customer has the right to operate the asset throughout the               period of use, without the supplier having the right to change those operating               instructions; or (ii) the customer designed the asset in a way that predetermines how               and for what purpose the asset will be used throughout the period of use.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>The Committee observed that, in the contract described in the request, the customer has           the right to direct the use of the specified underground space throughout the 20-year           period of use because the conditions in paragraph B24(b)(i) exist. How and for what           purpose the specified underground space will be used (ie to locate the pipeline with           specified dimensions through which oil will be transported) is predetermined in the           contract. The customer has the right to operate the specified underground space by having           the right to perform inspection, repairs and maintenance work. The customer makes all the           decisions about the use of the specified underground space that can be made during the           20-year period of use.</p>         <p>Consequently, the Committee concluded that the contract described in the request contains           a lease as defined in IFRS 16. The customer would therefore apply IFRS 16 in accounting           for that lease.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an           adequate basis for an entity to determine its accounting for the contract described in the           request. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add the matter to its standard-setting           agenda.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="B21" id="EDUFN-ad2021-november-ap-ifrs16">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, November 2021, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Leases</ph></ph>—Economic Benefits from Use of a           Windfarm’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about whether, applying             <xref href="IFRS16_B9.dita#IFRS16_B9">paragraph B9(a) of IFRS 16</xref>, an electricity           retailer (retailer) has the right to obtain substantially all the economic benefits from           use of a windfarm throughout the term of an agreement with a windfarm generator           (supplier). In the fact pattern described in the request:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the retailer and supplier are registered participants in an               electricity market, in which customers and suppliers are unable to enter into               contracts directly with each other for the purchase and sale of electricity. Instead,               customers and suppliers make such purchases and sales via the market’s electricity               grid, the spot price for which is set by the market operator. The retailer therefore               purchases electricity from the grid.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p outputclass="keep_with_next">the retailer enters into an               agreement with the supplier. The agreement:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>i.</li_value><p>swaps the spot price per megawatt of electricity the                   windfarm supplies to the grid during the 20-year term of the agreement for a fixed                   price per megawatt, and is settled net in cash. In effect, the supplier receives a                   fixed price per megawatt for the electricity it supplies to the grid during the                   period of the agreement and the retailer settles with the supplier the difference                   between that fixed price and the spot prices per megawatt for that volume of                   electricity.</p></li><li><li_value>ii.</li_value><p>transfers to the retailer all renewable energy credits                   that accrue from use of the windfarm.</p></li></ol></li></ol>         <p><xref href="IFRS16_9.dita#IFRS16_9">Paragraph 9 of IFRS 16</xref> states that ‘a contract           is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an           identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration’. To control the use           of an identified asset for a period of time, the customer—throughout the period of           use—must have both the right to obtain substantially all the economic benefits from use of           the identified asset and the right to direct the use of that asset (<xref href="IFRS16_B9.dita#IFRS16_B9">paragraph B9 of IFRS 16</xref>).</p>         <p><xref href="IFRS16_B21.dita#IFRS16_B21">Paragraph B21 of IFRS 16</xref> specifies that ‘a           customer can obtain economic benefits from use of an asset directly or indirectly in many           ways, such as by using, holding or sub-leasing the asset. The economic benefits from use           of an asset include its primary output and by-products (including potential cash flows           derived from these items), and other economic benefits from using the asset that could be           realised from a commercial transaction with a third party’.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that, in the fact pattern described in the request, the economic           benefits from use of the windfarm include the electricity it produces (as its primary           output) and the renewable energy credits (as a by-product or other economic benefit from           use of the windfarm).</p>         <p>The agreement results in the retailer settling with the supplier the difference between           the fixed price and the spot prices per megawatt of electricity the windfarm supplies to           the grid throughout the 20-year term of the agreement. That agreement, however, conveys           neither the right nor the obligation for the retailer to obtain any of the electricity the           windfarm produces and supplies to the grid. Although the retailer has the right to obtain           the renewable energy credits (which represent a portion of the economic benefits from use           of the windfarm), the retailer does not have the right to obtain substantially all the           economic benefits from use of the windfarm because it has no right to obtain any of the           electricity the windfarm produces throughout the period of the agreement.</p>         <p>The Committee therefore concluded that, in the fact pattern described in the request, the           retailer does not have the right to obtain substantially all the economic benefits from           use of the windfarm. Consequently, the agreement does not contain a lease.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an           adequate basis for an entity that enters into an agreement as described in the request to           assess whether it has the right to obtain substantially all the economic benefits from use           of an identified asset. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting           project to the work plan.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">In considering the request, the Committee noted two other           agenda decisions that include explanatory material that may be relevant to the agreement           described in this request:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the Agenda Decision <i>Meaning of delivery</i> (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph>                 <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>) (August 2005);               and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>for entities applying the hedge accounting requirements in                 <xref href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001">IFRS 9</xref> or <xref href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita#IAS39_TOC"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 39</ph>                   <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and                     Measurement</ph></ph></xref>, the Agenda Decision <i>Application of the Highly                 Probable Requirement when a Specific Derivative is Designated as a Hedging                 Instrument</i> (IFRS 9 and IAS 39) (March 2019).]</p></li></ol>       </fn>       <fn base="B24(b)" id="EDUFN-ad2020-january-ap2_IFRS16">                  <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about whether the customer           has the right to direct the use of a ship throughout the five-year term of a contract. In           the fact pattern described in the request:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>there is an identified asset (the ship) applying paragraphs B13–B20 of IFRS 16.</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>the customer has the right to obtain substantially all the economic benefits from use               of the ship throughout the five-year period of use applying paragraphs B21–B23 of IFRS               16.</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p>many, but not all, decisions about how and for what purpose the ship is used are               predetermined in the contract. The customer has the right to make the remaining               decisions about how and for what purpose the ship is used throughout the period of               use. In the fact pattern described in the request, the customer has determined that               this decision-making right is relevant because it affects the economic benefits to be               derived from use of the ship.</p>           </li><li><li_value>d.</li_value>             <p>the supplier operates and maintains the ship throughout the period of use.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The right to direct the use of an identified asset</p>         <p>Paragraph B24 of IFRS 16 specifies when a customer has the right to direct the use of an           identified asset throughout the period of use. Paragraph B24(b) applies only when the           relevant decisions about how and for what purpose the asset is used are predetermined. The           Board noted in paragraph BC121 of IFRS 16 that ‘it would expect decisions about how and           for what purpose an asset is used to be predetermined in relatively few cases’.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that, in the fact pattern described in the request, because not           all relevant decisions about how and for what purpose the ship is used are predetermined,           the customer considers paragraph B24(a) of IFRS 16 in assessing whether it has the right           to direct the use of the ship.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><b><i>The right to direct how and for what purpose an asset               is used</i></b></p>         <p>Paragraph B24(a) specifies that a customer has the right to direct the use of an           identified asset throughout the period of use if it has ‘the right to direct how and for           what purpose the asset is used throughout the period of use (as described in paragraphs           B25–B30)’.</p>         <p>To have the right to direct how and for what purpose the asset is used, within the scope           of its right of use defined in the contract, the customer must be able to change how and           for what purpose the asset is used throughout the period of use (paragraph B25). In           assessing whether that is the case, an entity considers rights to make decisions during           the period of use that are most relevant to changing how and for what purpose the asset is           used throughout that period. Decision-making rights are relevant when they affect the           economic benefits to be derived from use (paragraph B25). An entity does not consider           decisions that are predetermined before the period of use unless the conditions in           paragraph B24(b)(ii) exist (paragraph B29).</p>         <p>Paragraph B26 includes examples of decision-making rights that, depending on the           circumstances, grant the right to change how and for what purpose the asset is used.           Rights limited to operating or maintaining the asset do not grant the right to change how           and for what purpose it is used (paragraph B27).</p>         <p>The Committee observed that, in the fact pattern described in the request, the customer           has the right to direct how and for what purpose the ship is used throughout the period of           use. The customer has the right to make decisions about the use of the ship during the           period of use that affect the economic benefits to be derived from that use. Therefore,           within the scope of its right of use defined in the contract, the customer can change how           and for what purpose the ship is used. The predetermination in the contract of many           decisions about how and for what purpose the ship is used defines the scope of the           customer’s right of use—within that scope, the customer has the right to make the           decisions that are most relevant to changing how and for what purpose the ship is           used.</p>         <p>The Committee also observed that, although the operation and maintenance of the ship are           essential to its efficient use, the supplier’s decisions in this regard do not give it the           right to direct how and for what purpose the ship is used.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that, in the fact pattern described in the request, the customer           has the right to direct the use of the ship throughout the period of use. Consequently,           the contract contains a lease.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS 16 provide an           adequate basis for an entity to determine whether the contract described in the request           contains a lease. The Committee therefore decided not to add the matter to its           standard-setting agenda.</p>       </fn> <fn base="IFRS16_B34" id="EDUFN-ad2019-november-ap_IFRS16-1">                  <p>The Committee received a request about cancellable or renewable leases.</p>         <p>The cancellable lease described in the request is one that does not specify a particular           contractual term but continues indefinitely until either party to the contract gives           notice to terminate. The contract includes a notice period of, for example, less than 12           months and the contract does not oblige either party to make a payment on termination. The           renewable lease described in the request is one that specifies an initial period, and           renews indefinitely at the end of the initial period unless terminated by either of the           parties to the contract.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The request asked two questions:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>             <p>  how to determine the lease term of a cancellable lease or a renewable lease.               Specifically, the request asked whether, when applying paragraph B34 of IFRS 16 and               assessing ‘no more than an insignificant penalty’, an entity considers the broader               economics of the contract, and not only contractual termination payments. Such               considerations might include, for example, the cost of abandoning or dismantling               leasehold improvements.</p>           </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p>  whether the useful life of any related non-removable leasehold improvements is               limited to the lease term determined applying IFRS 16. Non-removable leasehold               improvements are, for example, fixtures and fittings acquired by the lessee and               constructed on the underlying asset that is the subject of the cancellable or               renewable lease. The lessee will use and benefit from the leasehold improvements only               for as long as it uses the underlying asset.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Lease term</p>         <p>Paragraph 18 of IFRS 16 requires an entity to determine the lease term as the           non-cancellable period of a lease, together with both (a) periods covered by an option to           extend the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and (b)           periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain           not to exercise that option.</p>         <p>In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period of a           lease, paragraph B34 of IFRS 16 requires an entity to determine the period for which the           contract is enforceable. Paragraph B34 specifies that ‘a lease is no longer enforceable           when the lessee and the lessor each has the right to terminate the lease without           permission from the other party with no more than an insignificant penalty’.</p>         <p>Paragraph BC156 sets out the Board’s view that ‘the lease term should reflect an entity’s           reasonable expectation of the period during which the underlying asset will be used           because that approach provides the most useful information’.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee observed that, in applying paragraph B34 and           determining the enforceable period of the lease described in the request, an entity           considers:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>             <p>  the broader economics of the contract, and not only contractual termination               payments. For example, if either party has an economic incentive not to terminate the               lease such that it would incur a penalty on termination that is more than               insignificant, the contract is enforceable beyond the date on which the contract can               be terminated; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p>  whether each of the parties has the right to terminate the lease without permission               from the other party with no more than an insignificant penalty. Applying paragraph               B34, a lease is no longer enforceable only when both parties have such a right.               Consequently, if only one party has the right to terminate the lease without               permission from the other party with no more than an insignificant penalty, the               contract is enforceable beyond the date on which the contract can be terminated by               that party.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">If an entity concludes that the contract is enforceable           beyond the notice period of a cancellable lease (or the initial period of a renewable           lease), it then applies paragraphs 19 and B37–B40 of IFRS 16 to assess whether the lessee           is reasonably certain not to exercise the option to terminate the lease.</p>         <p>…</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS 16 provide an           adequate basis for an entity to determine the lease term of cancellable and renewable           leases. The Committee also concluded that the principles and requirements in IAS 16 and           IFRS 16 provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine the useful life of any           non-removable leasehold improvements relating to such a lease. Consequently, the Committee           decided not to add the matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>  <fn base="IFRS16_B24" id="EDUFN-ad2019-june-ap11_IFRS16_short">                  <p>The Committee received a request about a particular contract for subsurface rights. In           the contract described in the request, a pipeline operator (customer) obtains the right to           place an oil pipeline in underground space for 20 years in exchange for consideration. The           contract specifies the exact location and dimensions (path, width and depth) of the           underground space within which the pipeline will be placed. The landowner retains the           right to use the surface of the land above the pipeline, but it has no right to access or           otherwise change the use of the specified underground space throughout the 20-year period           of use. The customer has the right to perform inspection, repairs and maintenance work           (including replacing damaged sections of the pipeline when necessary).</p>         <p>The request asked whether IFRS 16, <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 38</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Intangible               Assets</ph></ph> or another IFRS Standard applies in accounting for the contract.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">...</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><i>Right to direct the use</i></p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Paragraphs B24-B30 of IFRS 16 provide application guidance           on the right to direct the use of an identified asset throughout the period of use.           Paragraph B24 specifies that a customer has that right if either:</p>         <ol outputclass="static"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>the customer has the right to direct how and for what purpose the asset is used               throughout the period of use; or</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>the relevant decisions about how and for what purpose the asset is used are               predetermined and (i) the customer has the right to operate the asset throughout the               period of use, without the supplier having the right to change those operating               instructions; or (ii) the customer designed the asset in a way that predetermines how               and for what purpose the asset will be used throughout the period of use.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>The Committee observed that, in the contract described in the request, the customer has           the right to direct the use of the specified underground space throughout the 20-year           period of use because the conditions in paragraph B24(b)(i) exist. How and for what           purpose the specified underground space will be used (ie to locate the pipeline with           specified dimensions through which oil will be transported) is predetermined in the           contract. The customer has the right to operate the specified underground space by having           the right to perform inspection, repairs and maintenance work. The customer makes all the           decisions about the use of the specified underground space that can be made during the           20-year period of use.</p>         <p>...</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements           in IFRS Standards provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine its accounting for           the contract described in the request. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add the           matter to its standard-setting agenda.</p>         <p>[The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after <xref href="IFRS16_B20.dita#IFRS16_B20" scope="local">paragraph B20 of IFRS 16</xref>.]]</p>       </fn>  <fn base="IFRS16_B34" id="EDUFN-ad2019-november-ap_IFRS16-1-DELETED">                  <p>The Committee received a request about cancellable or renewable leases.</p>         <p>The cancellable lease described in the request is one that does not specify a particular           contractual term but continues indefinitely until either party to the contract gives           notice to terminate. The contract includes a notice period of, for example, less than 12           months and the contract does not oblige either party to make a payment on termination. The           renewable lease described in the request is one that specifies an initial period, and           renews indefinitely at the end of the initial period unless terminated by either of the           parties to the contract.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The request asked two questions:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>             <p>  how to determine the lease term of a cancellable lease or a renewable lease.               Specifically, the request asked whether, when applying paragraph B34 of IFRS 16 and               assessing ‘no more than an insignificant penalty’, an entity considers the broader               economics of the contract, and not only contractual termination payments. Such               considerations might include, for example, the cost of abandoning or dismantling               leasehold improvements.</p>           </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p>  whether the useful life of any related non-removable leasehold improvements is               limited to the lease term determined applying IFRS 16. Non-removable leasehold               improvements are, for example, fixtures and fittings acquired by the lessee and               constructed on the underlying asset that is the subject of the cancellable or               renewable lease. The lessee will use and benefit from the leasehold improvements only               for as long as it uses the underlying asset.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Lease term</p>         <p>Paragraph 18 of IFRS 16 requires an entity to determine the lease term as the           non-cancellable period of a lease, together with both (a) periods covered by an option to           extend the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and (b)           periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain           not to exercise that option.</p>         <p>In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period of a           lease, paragraph B34 of IFRS 16 requires an entity to determine the period for which the           contract is enforceable. Paragraph B34 specifies that ‘a lease is no longer enforceable           when the lessee and the lessor each has the right to terminate the lease without           permission from the other party with no more than an insignificant penalty’.</p>         <p>Paragraph BC156 sets out the Board’s view that ‘the lease term should reflect an entity’s           reasonable expectation of the period during which the underlying asset will be used           because that approach provides the most useful information’.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee observed that, in applying paragraph B34 and           determining the enforceable period of the lease described in the request, an entity           considers:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>             <p>  the broader economics of the contract, and not only contractual termination               payments. For example, if either party has an economic incentive not to terminate the               lease such that it would incur a penalty on termination that is more than               insignificant, the contract is enforceable beyond the date on which the contract can               be terminated; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p>  whether each of the parties has the right to terminate the lease without permission               from the other party with no more than an insignificant penalty. Applying paragraph               B34, a lease is no longer enforceable only when both parties have such a right.               Consequently, if only one party has the right to terminate the lease without               permission from the other party with no more than an insignificant penalty, the               contract is enforceable beyond the date on which the contract can be terminated by               that party.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">If an entity concludes that the contract is enforceable           beyond the notice period of a cancellable lease (or the initial period of a renewable           lease), it then applies paragraphs 19 and B37–B40 of IFRS 16 to assess whether the lessee           is reasonably certain not to exercise the option to terminate the lease.</p>         <p>…</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS 16 provide an           adequate basis for an entity to determine the lease term of cancellable and renewable           leases. The Committee also concluded that the principles and requirements in IAS 16 and           IFRS 16 provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine the useful life of any           non-removable leasehold improvements relating to such a lease. Consequently, the Committee           decided not to add the matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>  <fn base="IFRS16_B37" id="EDUFN-ad2019-november-ap_IFRS16-2">                  <p>The Committee received a request about cancellable or renewable leases.</p>         <p>The cancellable lease described in the request is one that does not specify a particular           contractual term but continues indefinitely until either party to the contract gives           notice to terminate. The contract includes a notice period of, for example, less than 12           months and the contract does not oblige either party to make a payment on termination. The           renewable lease described in the request is one that specifies an initial period, and           renews indefinitely at the end of the initial period unless terminated by either of the           parties to the contract.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The request asked two questions:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>             <p>  how to determine the lease term of a cancellable lease or a renewable lease.               Specifically, the request asked whether, when applying paragraph B34 of IFRS 16 and               assessing ‘no more than an insignificant penalty’, an entity considers the broader               economics of the contract, and not only contractual termination payments. Such               considerations might include, for example, the cost of abandoning or dismantling               leasehold improvements.</p>           </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p>  whether the useful life of any related non-removable leasehold improvements is               limited to the lease term determined applying IFRS 16. Non-removable leasehold               improvements are, for example, fixtures and fittings acquired by the lessee and               constructed on the underlying asset that is the subject of the cancellable or               renewable lease. The lessee will use and benefit from the leasehold improvements only               for as long as it uses the underlying asset.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>...</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Interaction between lease term and           useful life</p>         <p>In assessing whether a lessee is reasonably certain to extend (or not to terminate) a           lease, paragraph B37 of IFRS 16 requires an entity to consider all relevant facts and           circumstances that create an economic incentive for the lessee. This includes significant           leasehold improvements undertaken (or expected to be undertaken) over the term of the           contract that are expected to have significant economic benefit for the lessee when an           option to extend or terminate the lease becomes exercisable (paragraph B37(b)).</p>         <p>In addition, as noted above an entity considers the broader economics of the contract           when determining the enforceable period of the lease described in the request. This           includes, for example, the costs of abandoning or dismantling non-removable leasehold           improvements. If an entity expects to use non-removable leasehold improvements beyond the           date on which the contract can be terminated, the existence of those leasehold           improvements indicates that the entity might incur a more than insignificant penalty if it           terminates the lease. Consequently, applying paragraph B34 of IFRS 16, an entity considers           whether the contract is enforceable for at least the period of expected utility of the           leasehold improvements.</p>         <p>In assessing whether a lessee is reasonably certain to extend (or not to terminate) a           lease, paragraph B37 of IFRS 16 requires an entity to consider all relevant facts and           circumstances that create an economic incentive for the lessee. This includes significant           leasehold improvements undertaken (or expected to be undertaken) over the term of the           contract that are expected to have significant economic benefit for the lessee when an           option to extend or terminate the lease becomes exercisable (paragraph B37(b)).</p>         <p>In addition, as noted above an entity considers the broader economics of the contract           when determining the enforceable period of the lease described in the request. This           includes, for example, the costs of abandoning or dismantling non-removable leasehold           improvements. If an entity expects to use non-removable leasehold improvements beyond the           date on which the contract can be terminated, the existence of those leasehold           improvements indicates that the entity might incur a more than insignificant penalty if it           terminates the lease. Consequently, applying paragraph B34 of IFRS 16, an entity considers           whether the contract is enforceable for at least the period of expected utility of the           leasehold improvements.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS 16 provide an           adequate basis for an entity to determine the lease term of cancellable and renewable           leases. The Committee also concluded that the principles and requirements in IAS 16 and           IFRS 16 provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine the useful life of any           non-removable leasehold improvements relating to such a lease. Consequently, the Committee           decided not to add the matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IFRS16_87" id="EDUFN-ad2022-september-IFRS16">                  <p>The Committee received a request about a lessor’s application of IFRS 9 and IFRS 16 in           accounting for a particular rent concession. The rent concession is one for which the only           change to the lease contract is the lessor’s forgiveness of lease payments due from the           lessee under that contract.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">The fact pattern</p>         <p>The request described a rent concession agreed by a lessor and a lessee on the date the           rent concession is granted. The rent concession changes the original terms and conditions           of a lease contract classified by the lessor—applying IFRS 16—as an operating lease. The           lessor legally releases the lessee from its obligation to make specifically identified           lease payments:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>some of these lease payments are amounts contractually due               but not paid. Paragraph AG9 of IAS 32 states that ‘a lessor does not regard an               operating lease as a financial instrument, except as regards individual payments               currently due and payable by the lessee’. Therefore, the lessor has recognised these               amounts as an operating lease receivable. Applying paragraph 81 of IFRS 16, the lessor               has also recognised the amounts as income.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>some of these lease payments are not yet contractually               due.</p></li></ol>         <p>No other changes are made to the lease contract, nor are there any other negotiations           between the lessor and the lessee that might affect the accounting for the rent           concession. Before the date the rent concession is granted, the lessor applies the           expected credit loss model in IFRS 9 to the operating lease receivable.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">The question</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The request asked:</p>         <p>…</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>whether the lessor applies the derecognition requirements in               IFRS 9 or the lease modification requirements in IFRS 16 in accounting for the rent               concession.</p></li></ol>         <p>…</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">Accounting for the rent concession—IFRS 9 and IFRS 16</p>         <p><i>Applying the derecognition requirements in IFRS 9 to the operating lease             receivable</i></p>         <p>Paragraph 2.1(b)(i) of IFRS 9 states that operating lease receivables recognised by a           lessor are subject to the derecognition requirements in IFRS 9. Consequently, on granting           the rent concession, the lessor considers whether the requirements for derecognition in           paragraph 3.2.3 of IFRS 9 are met.</p>         <p>In the rent concession described in the request, the lessor legally releases the lessee           from its obligation to make specifically identified lease payments, some of which the           lessor has recognised as an operating lease receivable. Accordingly, on granting the rent           concession, the lessor concludes that the requirements in paragraph 3.2.3(a) of IFRS 9           have been met—that is, its contractual rights to the cash flows from the operating lease           receivable expire—because it has agreed to legally release the lessee from its obligation           and thus has given up its contractual rights to those specifically identified cash flows.           Therefore, on the date the rent concession is granted, the lessor remeasures expected           credit losses on the operating lease receivable (and recognises any change to the expected           credit loss allowance in profit or loss) and derecognises the operating lease receivable           (and associated expected credit loss allowance).</p>         <p><i>Applying the lease modification requirements in IFRS 16 to future lease payments under             the lease</i></p>         <p>The rent concession described in the request meets the definition of a lease modification           in IFRS 16. The rent concession is ‘a change in … the consideration for a lease … that was           not part of the original terms and conditions of the lease’. Therefore, the lessor applies           paragraph 87 of IFRS 16 and accounts for the modified lease as a new lease from the date           the rent concession is granted.</p>         <p>Paragraph 87 of IFRS 16 requires a lessor to consider any prepaid or accrued lease           payments relating to the original lease as part of the lease payments for the new lease.           The Committee observed that lease payments contractually due from the lessee that the           lessor has recognised as an operating lease receivable (to which the derecognition and           impairment requirements in IFRS 9 apply) are not accrued lease payments. Consequently,           neither those lease payments nor their forgiveness are considered—applying paragraph 87 of           IFRS 16—as part of the lease payments for the new lease.</p>         <p>In accounting for the modified lease as a new lease, a lessor applies paragraph 81 of           IFRS 16 and recognises the lease payments (including any prepaid or accrued lease payments           relating to the original lease) as income on either a straight-line basis or another           systematic basis.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the lessor accounts for the rent concession described in the           request on the date it is granted by applying: (a) the derecognition requirements in IFRS           9 to forgiven lease payments that the lessor has recognised as an operating lease           receivable; and (b) the lease modification requirements in IFRS 16 to forgiven lease           payments that the lessor has not recognised as an operating lease receivable.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">Conclusion</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Accounting Standards           provide an adequate basis for a lessor to determine how to apply the expected credit loss           model in IFRS 9 to an operating lease receivable and account for the rent concession           described in the request. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a           standard-setting project to the work plan.</p>         <p>[The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after paragraph 2.1 of IFRS 9.]]</p>       </fn><fn base="B19" id="EDUFN-ad2023-april-ifrs16">                  <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about how to assess whether           a contract contains a lease. The request asked about:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" id="ol_dmn_rhd_3zb"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the level at which to evaluate whether a contract contains a               lease—by considering each asset separately or all assets together—when the contract is               for the use of more than one similar asset; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>how to assess whether a contract contains a lease applying                 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 16</ph></ph>               when the supplier has particular substitution rights—ie the supplier:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman" id="ol_emn_rhd_3zb"><li><li_value>i.</li_value><p>has the practical ability to substitute alternative                   assets throughout the period of use; but</p></li><li><li_value>ii.</li_value><p>would not benefit economically from the exercise of its                   right to substitute the asset throughout the period of use.</p></li></ol></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif">The definition of a lease</p>         <p>Paragraph 9 of IFRS 16 states that ‘a contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract           conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in           exchange for consideration’. Applying paragraph B9 of IFRS 16, for a contract to meet the           definition of a lease the customer must have both:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" id="ol_fmn_rhd_3zb"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the right to obtain substantially all the economic benefits               from use of the identified asset throughout the period of use; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>the right to direct the use of the identified asset               throughout the period of use.</p></li></ol>         <p>The period of use is ‘the total period of time that an asset is used to fulfil a contract           with a customer (including any non-consecutive periods of time)’ (Appendix A to IFRS           16).</p>         <p>Paragraph B12 of IFRS 16 each potential separate lease component’ and directs an entity           to paragraph B32 of IFRS 16 for application guidance on separate lease components.           Paragraph B32 specifies that the right to use an underlying asset is a separate lease           component if both:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" id="ol_gmn_rhd_3zb"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the lessee can benefit from use of the underlying asset               either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the               lessee; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>the underlying asset is neither highly dependent on, nor               highly interrelated with, the other underlying assets in the contract.</p></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif">Identified asset</p>         <p>The first requirement for a contract to meet the definition of a lease is that a customer           controls the use of an identified asset. Paragraphs B13–B20 of IFRS 16 provide application           guidance on an identified asset.</p>         <p>Paragraph B13 states that ‘an asset is typically identified by being explicitly specified           in a contract. However, an asset can also be identified by being implicitly specified at           the time that the asset is made available for use by the customer’.</p>         <p>But ‘even if an asset is specified, a customer does not have the right to use an           identified asset if the supplier has the substantive right to substitute the asset           throughout the period of use’ (paragraph B14). In that case, the supplier—rather than the           customer—controls the use of the asset. Consequently, there is no identified asset; the           contract does not contain a lease.</p>         <p>For a substitution right to be <i>substantive</i>, paragraph B14 states that both of the           following conditions must exist:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" id="ol_hmn_rhd_3zb"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the supplier has the practical ability to substitute               alternative assets throughout the period of use (for example, the customer cannot               prevent the supplier from substituting the asset and alternative assets are readily               available to the supplier or could be sourced by the supplier within a reasonable               period of time); and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>the supplier would benefit economically from the exercise of               its right to substitute the asset (ie the economic benefits associated with               substituting the asset are expected to exceed the costs associated with substituting               the asset).</p></li></ol>         <p>Paragraph B16 states that ‘an entity’s evaluation of whether a supplier’s substitution           right is substantive […] shall exclude consideration of future events that, at inception           of the contract, are not considered likely to occur’.</p>         <p>Paragraphs B15–B18 specify requirements that mean, in each of the following situations, a           supplier’s substitution right is <i>not</i> substantive (or the customer is not precluded           from having the right to use an identified asset):</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" id="ol_imn_rhd_3zb"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the supplier has a right or an obligation to substitute the               asset only on or after either a particular date or the occurrence of a specified               event;</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>the supplier would benefit economically from the exercise of               its right only on the occurrence of a future event that, at inception of the contract,               is not considered likely to occur; or</p></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>the supplier has a right or an obligation to substitute the               asset only for repairs and maintenance, if the asset is not operating properly or if a               technical upgrade becomes available.</p></li></ol>         <p>Paragraph B17 notes that the costs of substitution are more likely to exceed the           associated benefits when the asset is located at the customer’s premises or elsewhere.</p>         <p>Paragraphs BC112–BC115 of the Basis for Conclusions on IFRS 16 explain the IASB’s           rationale in developing the requirements on substitution rights. Paragraph BC113 states           that ‘the IASB’s intention in including [these requirements] is to differentiate           between:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" id="ol_jmn_rhd_3zb"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>substitution rights that result in there being no identified               asset because the supplier, rather than the customer, controls the use of an asset;               and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>substitution rights that do not change the substance or               character of the contract because it is not likely, or practically or economically               feasible, for the supplier to exercise those rights’.</p></li></ol>         <p>Paragraph BC113 goes on to explain that, at the time of developing IFRS 16, the IASB was           of the view ‘that, in many cases, it will be clear that the supplier would not benefit           from the exercise of a substitution right because of the costs associated with           substituting an asset’.</p>         <p>Paragraph B19 requires the customer to presume that a supplier’s substitution right is             <i>not</i> substantive if the customer cannot readily determine whether the supplier has           a substantive substitution right. Paragraph BC115 notes:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" id="ol_kmn_rhd_3zb"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the requirement in paragraph B19 responds to stakeholders               concerns that ‘in some cases it would be difficult, if not impossible, for a customer               to determine whether a supplier’s substitution right is substantive’.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>‘if substitution rights are substantive, then the IASB               thinks that this would be relatively clear from the facts and circumstances’.</p></li></ol>         <p>Consequently, the Committee observed that the requirements in paragraphs B13–B19 set a           high hurdle for a customer to conclude that there is no identified asset when an asset is           explicitly or implicitly specified.</p>         <p>The Committee also observed that determining whether a supplier’s right to substitute an           asset is substantive <i>throughout</i> the period of use, as required by paragraph B14,           requires judgement. Paragraph B14(a) specifies that a supplier has the practical ability           to substitute alternative assets throughout the period of use even if the supplier does           not already have alternative assets but could source those assets within a reasonable           period of time. This illustrates that the term ‘throughout the period of use’ does not           mean at all times within that period.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">Applying the requirements in IFRS 16 to the fact pattern described in the           request</p>         <p><i>In the fact pattern described in the request:</i></p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" id="ol_lmn_rhd_3zb"><li><li_value><i>a.</i></li_value><p><i>a customer enters into a 10-year contract with a                 supplier for the use of 100 similar new assets—batteries used in electric buses. The                 customer uses each battery together with other resources readily available to it                 (each battery is used in a bus that the customer owns or leases from a party                 unrelated to the supplier).</i></p></li><li><li_value><i>b.</i></li_value><p><i>it is assumed that the supplier has the practical                 ability to substitute alternative assets throughout the contract term such that the                 condition in paragraph B14(a) exists.</i></p></li><li><li_value><i>c.</i></li_value><p><i>if a battery were to be substituted, the supplier                 would be required to compensate the customer for any revenue lost or costs incurred                 while the substitution takes place. Whether substitution is economically beneficial                 for the supplier at a point in time depends on both the amount of compensation                 payable to the customer and the condition of the battery.</i></p></li><li><li_value><i>d.</i></li_value><p><i>at inception of the contract, it is expected that                 the supplier would not benefit economically from substituting a battery that has                 been used for less than three years but could benefit economically from substituting                 a battery that has been used for three years or more.</i></p></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif">The level at which to evaluate whether a contract contains a lease</p>         <p>In the fact pattern described in the request:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" id="ol_mmn_rhd_3zb"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the customer is able to benefit from use of each asset (a               battery) together with other resources (a bus) available to it; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>each battery is neither highly dependent on, nor highly               interrelated with, the other batteries in the contract.</p></li></ol>         <p>Therefore, the Committee concluded that, in the fact pattern described in the request,           applying paragraph B12, the customer assesses whether the contract contains a           lease—including evaluating whether the supplier’s substitution right is substantive—for           each potential separate lease component, ie for each battery.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">Identified asset</p>         <p>In the fact pattern described in the request, each battery is specified. Even if not           explicitly specified in the contract, a battery would be implicitly specified at the time           it is made available for the customer’s use. Therefore, the Committee observed that,           unless the supplier has the substantive right to substitute the battery throughout the           period of use, each battery is an identified asset.</p>         <p>In the fact pattern described in the request, the condition in paragraph B14(a)—the           supplier has the practical ability to substitute alternative assets throughout the period           of use—is assumed to exist. The Committee observed, however, that because the supplier is           not expected to benefit economically from exercising its right to substitute a battery for           at least the first three years of the contract, the condition in paragraph B14(b) does not           exist throughout the period of use. Therefore, the supplier does not have the substantive           right to substitute a battery throughout the period of use. While determining whether a           supplier’s substitution right is substantive throughout the period of use can require           judgement, the Committee observed that the facts and circumstances in this fact pattern           are such that it is clear that the supplier’s right is not substantive throughout that           period.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif">The Committee’s conclusion</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that, in the fact pattern described in the request, each battery           is an identified asset. To assess whether the contract contains a lease, the customer           would then apply the requirements in paragraphs B21–B30 of IFRS 16 to assess whether,           throughout the period of use, it has the right to obtain substantially all the economic           benefits from use, and direct the use, of each battery. If the customer concludes that the           contract contains a lease, it would apply the requirements in paragraphs 18–21 of IFRS 16           to determine the lease term.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS 16 provide an           adequate basis for an entity to evaluate the level at which to assess whether the contract           contains a lease and whether there is an identified asset in the fact pattern described in           the request. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project to           the work plan.]</p>       </fn>     </bodydiv></body></topic>