<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IFRS16_PRE"><title><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number"/>  <ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title"/></ph></title><body><p base="F46425322" id="IFRS16_P0001">In April 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board (Board) adopted IAS&#xa0;17&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Leases</ph></ph>, which had originally been issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee (IASC) in December 1997. IAS&#xa0;17&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Leases</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;17&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting for Leases</ph></ph>&#xa0;that was issued in September 1982.</p><p base="F47343325" id="IFRS16_P0002">In April 2001 the Board adopted&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;15</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Operating Leases&#x2014;Incentives</ph></ph>, which had originally been issued by the Standing Interpretations Committee of the IASC in December 1998.</p><p base="F47343327" id="IFRS16_P0003">In December 2001 the Board issued&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;27</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Evaluating the Substance of Transactions Involving the Legal Form of a Lease</ph></ph>. SIC&#x2011;27 had originally been developed by the Standing Interpretations Committee of the IASC to provide guidance on determining, amongst other things, whether an arrangement that involves the legal form of a lease meets the definition of a lease under IAS&#xa0;17.</p><p base="F47343329" id="IFRS16_P0004">In December 2003 the Board issued a revised IAS&#xa0;17 as part of its initial agenda of technical projects.</p><p base="F47343330" id="IFRS16_P0005">In December 2004 the Board issued IFRIC&#xa0;4&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease</ph></ph>. The Interpretation was developed by the Interpretations Committee to provide guidance on determining whether transactions that do not take the legal form of a lease but convey the right to use an asset in return for a payment or series of payments are, or contain, leases that should be accounted for in accordance with IAS&#xa0;17.</p><p base="F47343333" id="IFRS16_P0006">In January 2016 the Board issued&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;16</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Leases</ph></ph>. IFRS&#xa0;16 replaces IAS&#xa0;17, IFRIC&#xa0;4, SIC&#x2011;15 and SIC&#x2011;27. IFRS&#xa0;16 sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases.</p><bodydiv base="IFRS2020-2">       <p>In May 2020 the Board issued&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions</ph></ph>, which amended IFRS 16. The amendment permits lessees, as a practical expedient, not to assess whether rent concessions that occur as a direct consequence of the covid-19 pandemic and meet specified conditions are lease modifications. Instead, the lessee accounts for those rent concessions as if they were not lease modifications.</p>     </bodydiv><bodydiv id="IFRS2020-5">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next">In August 2020 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Interest Rate Benchmark Reform&#x2015;Phase 2</ph></ph> which amended requirements in IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 relating to:</p>       <ul><li><p>	changes in the basis for determining contractual cash flows of financial assets, financial liabilities and lease liabilities;</p></li><li><p>	hedge accounting; and</p></li><li><p>disclosures.</p></li></ul>       <p>The Phase 2 amendments apply only to changes required by the interest rate benchmark reform to financial instruments and hedging relationships.</p></bodydiv><bodydiv base="IFRS2021-1"><p>In March 2021 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021</ph></ph>, which extended by one year the application period of the practical expedient in paragraph 46A to help lessees accounting for covid-19-related rent concessions.</p></bodydiv><bodydiv base="IASB-IFRS2022-1"><p>In September 2022, the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback</ph></ph>, which added subsequent measurement requirements for sale and leaseback transactions.</p></bodydiv><variants id="IFRS16_P0007">       <p base="F75035442" id="IFRS16_P0007_V1">Other Standards have made minor consequential amendments to IFRS&#xa0;16, including&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</ph></ph>&#xa0;(issued March 2018).</p>     </variants></body></topic>