<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS16_B42" base="F45930274"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B42</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="B42"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P0545">Lease payments include any in-substance fixed lease payments. In-substance fixed lease payments are payments that may, in form, contain variability but that, in substance, are unavoidable. In-substance fixed lease payments exist, for example, if:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS16_L0054" base="F45930317" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0546" base="F45930318">payments are structured as variable lease payments, but there is no genuine variability in those payments. Those payments contain variable clauses that do not have real economic substance. Examples of those types of payments include:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS16_L0055" base="F45930320" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0547" base="F45930321">payments that must be made only if an asset is proven to be capable of operating during the lease, or only if an event occurs that has no genuine possibility of not occurring; or</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0548" base="F45930323">payments that are initially structured as variable lease payments linked to the use of the underlying asset but for which the variability will be resolved at some point after the commencement date so that the payments become fixed for the remainder of the lease term. Those payments become in-substance fixed payments when the variability is resolved.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0549" base="F45930325">there is more than one set of payments that a lessee could make, but only one of those sets of payments is realistic. In this case, an entity shall consider the realistic set of payments to be lease payments.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P0550" base="F45930337">there is more than one realistic set of payments that a lessee could make, but it must make at least one of those sets of payments. In this case, an entity shall consider the set of payments that aggregates to the lowest amount (on a discounted basis) to be lease payments. </p></li></ol></body></paragraph>