<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS13_APPA" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title id="IFRS13_APPA_TI" base="F16132323" class="- topic/title ">Appendix A Defined terms</title><body class="- topic/body "><note type="note" class="- topic/note ">       <p id="IFRS13_P0250" base="F16132324" class="- topic/p ">This appendix is an integral part of the IFRS.</p>     </note><dl id="IFRS13_D0001" base="F16132342" class="- topic/dl "><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0001" base="F16132326" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0001" base="F16132327" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">active market</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0251" base="F16132344" class="- topic/p ">A market in which transactions for the asset or liability take place with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0002" base="F16132347" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0002" base="F16132345" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">cost approach</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0252" base="F16132349" class="- topic/p ">A valuation technique that reflects the amount that would be required currently to replace the service capacity of an asset (often referred to as current replacement cost).                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0003" base="F16132355" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0003" base="F16132350" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">entry price</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0253" base="F16132357" class="- topic/p ">The price paid to acquire an asset or received to assume a liability in an exchange transaction.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0004" base="F16132360" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0004" base="F16132358" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">exit price</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0254" base="F16132362" class="- topic/p ">The price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability.                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0005" base="F16132365" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0005" base="F16132363" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">expected cash flow</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0255" base="F16132367" class="- topic/p ">The probability‑weighted average (ie mean of the distribution) of possible future cash flows.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0006" base="F16132370" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0006" base="F16132368" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">fair value</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0256" base="F16132372" class="- topic/p ">The price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.           </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0007" base="F16132375" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0007" base="F16132373" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">highest and best use</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0257" base="F16132377" class="- topic/p ">The use of a non‑financial asset by market participants that would maximise the value of the asset or the group of assets and liabilities (eg a business) within which the asset would be used.                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0008" base="F16132380" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0008" base="F16132378" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">income approach</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0258" base="F16132382" class="- topic/p ">Valuation techniques that convert future amounts (eg cash flows or income and expenses) to a single current (ie discounted) amount. The fair value measurement is determined on the basis of the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts.                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0009" base="F16132385" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0009" base="F16132383" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">inputs</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0259" base="F16132387" class="- topic/p ">The assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk, such as the following:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0032" base="F16132389" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>               <p id="IFRS13_P0260" base="F16132390" class="- topic/p ">the risk inherent in a particular valuation technique used to measure fair value (such as a pricing model); and</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>               <p id="IFRS13_P0261" base="F16132392" class="- topic/p ">the risk inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique.</p>             </li></ol>           <p id="IFRS13_P0262" base="F16132393" class="- topic/p ">Inputs may be observable or unobservable.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0010" base="F16132396" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0010" base="F16132394" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Level 1 inputs</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0263" base="F16132398" class="- topic/p ">Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date.                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0011" base="F16132401" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0011" base="F16132399" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Level 2 inputs</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0264" base="F16132403" class="- topic/p ">Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0012" base="F16132409" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0012" base="F16132407" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Level 3 inputs</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0265" base="F16132411" class="- topic/p ">Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0013" base="F16132414" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0013" base="F16132412" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">market approach</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0266" base="F16132416" class="- topic/p ">A valuation technique that uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable (ie similar) assets, liabilities or a group of assets and liabilities, such as a business.                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0014" base="F16132419" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0014" base="F16132417" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">market‑corroborated inputs</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0267" base="F16132421" class="- topic/p ">Inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0015" base="F16132424" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0015" base="F16132422" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">market participant</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0268" base="F16132426" class="- topic/p ">Buyers and sellers in the principal (or most advantageous) market for the asset or liability that have all of the following characteristics:                        </p>           <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0033" base="F16132428" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>               <p id="IFRS13_P0269" base="F16132429" class="- topic/p ">They are independent                                  of each other, ie they are not related parties as defined in IAS 24, although the price in a related party transaction may be used as an input to a fair value measurement if the entity has evidence that the transaction was entered into at market terms.</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>               <p id="IFRS13_P0270" base="F16132431" class="- topic/p ">They are knowledgeable,                                  having a reasonable understanding about the asset or liability and the transaction using all available information, including information that might be obtained through due diligence efforts that are usual and customary.</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>               <p id="IFRS13_P0271" base="F16132433" class="- topic/p ">They are able to enter into a transaction for the asset or liability.                                </p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>               <p id="IFRS13_P0272" base="F16132435" class="- topic/p ">They are willing                                  to enter into a transaction for the asset or liability, ie they are motivated but not forced or otherwise compelled to do so.</p>             </li></ol>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0016" base="F16132438" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0016" base="F16132436" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">most advantageous market</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0273" base="F16132440" class="- topic/p ">The market that maximises the amount that would be received to sell the asset or minimises the amount that would be paid to transfer the liability, after taking into account transaction costs and transport costs.                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0017" base="F16132443" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0017" base="F16132441" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">non-performance risk</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0274" base="F16132445" class="- topic/p ">The risk that an entity will not fulfil an obligation. Non‑performance risk includes, but may not be limited to, the entity’s own credit risk.                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0018" base="F16132448" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0018" base="F16132446" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">observable inputs</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0275" base="F16132450" class="- topic/p ">Inputs that are developed using market data, such as publicly available information about actual events or transactions, and that reflect the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0019" base="F16132453" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0019" base="F16132451" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">orderly transaction</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0276" base="F16132455" class="- topic/p ">A transaction that assumes exposure to the market for a period before the measurement date to allow for marketing activities that are usual and customary for transactions involving such assets or liabilities; it is not a forced transaction (eg a forced liquidation or distress sale).                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0020" base="F16132458" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0020" base="F16132456" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">principal market</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0277" base="F16132460" class="- topic/p ">The market with the greatest volume and level of activity for the asset or liability.                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0021" base="F16132463" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0021" base="F16132461" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">risk premium</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0278" base="F16132465" class="- topic/p ">Compensation sought by risk‑averse market participants for bearing the uncertainty inherent in the cash flows of an asset or a liability. Also referred to as a ‘risk adjustment’.                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0022" base="F16132468" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0022" base="F16132466" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">transaction costs</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0279" base="F16132470" class="- topic/p ">The costs to sell an asset or transfer a liability in the principal (or most advantageous) market for the asset or liability that are directly attributable to the disposal of the asset or the transfer of the liability and meet both of the following criteria:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0034" base="F16132472" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>               <p id="IFRS13_P0280" base="F16132473" class="- topic/p ">They result directly from and are essential to that transaction.</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>               <p id="IFRS13_P0281" base="F16132475" class="- topic/p ">They would not have been incurred by the entity had the decision to sell the asset or transfer the liability not been made (similar to costs to sell, as defined in IFRS 5).</p>             </li></ol>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0023" base="F16132481" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0023" base="F16132476" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">transport costs</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0283" base="F16132483" class="- topic/p ">The costs that would be incurred to transport an asset from its current location to its principal (or most advantageous) market.                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0024" base="F16132486" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0024" base="F16132484" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">unit of account</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0284" base="F16132488" class="- topic/p ">The level at which an asset or a liability is aggregated or disaggregated in an IFRS for recognition purposes.                        </p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry id="IFRS13_DI0025" base="F16132491" class="- topic/dlentry "><dt id="IFRS13_TE0025" base="F16132489" class="- topic/dt "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">unobservable inputs</b></dt><dd class="- topic/dd ">           <p id="IFRS13_P0285" base="F16132493" class="- topic/p ">Inputs for which market data are not available and that are developed using the best information available about the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.                        </p>         </dd></dlentry></dl></body></topic>