<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS13_B35" base="F16132757" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B35</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B35" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS13_P0402" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Examples of Level 2 inputs for particular assets and liabilities include the following:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0048" base="F16132759" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0403" base="F16132760" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Receive‑fixed, pay‑variable interest rate swap based on the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) swap rate.</i> A Level 2 input would be the LIBOR swap rate if that rate is observable at commonly quoted intervals for substantially the full term of the swap. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0404" base="F16132763" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Receive‑fixed, pay‑variable interest rate swap based on a yield curve denominated in a foreign currency.</i> A Level 2 input would be the swap rate based on a yield curve denominated in a foreign currency that is observable at commonly quoted intervals for substantially the full term of the swap . That would be the case if the term of the swap is 10 years and that rate is observable at commonly quoted intervals for 9 years, provided that any reasonable extrapolation of the yield curve for year 10 would not be significant to the fair value measurement of the swap in its entirety.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0405" base="F16132766" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Receive‑fixed, pay‑variable interest rate swap based on a specific bank’s prime rate.</i> A Level 2 input would be the bank’s prime rate derived through extrapolation if the extrapolated values are corroborated by observable market data , for example, by correlation with an interest rate that is observable over substantially the full term of the swap.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0406" base="F16132815" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Three‑year option on exchange‑traded shares.</i> A Level 2 input would be the implied volatility for the shares derived through extrapolation to year 3 if both of the following conditions exist:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0049" base="F16132818" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0407" base="F16132819" class="- topic/p ">Prices for one‑year and two‑year options on the shares are observable.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0408" base="F16132821" class="- topic/p ">The extrapolated implied volatility of a three‑year option is corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the option. </p></li></ol> <p id="IFRS13_P0409" base="F16132822" class="- topic/p ">In that case the implied volatility could be derived by extrapolating from the implied volatility of the one‑year and two‑year options on the shares and corroborated by the implied volatility for three‑year options on comparable entities’ shares, provided that correlation with the one‑year and two‑year implied volatilities is established.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0410" base="F16132824" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Licensing arrangement.</i> For a licensing arrangement that is acquired in a business combination and was recently negotiated with an unrelated party by the acquired entity (the party to the licensing arrangement), a Level 2 input would be the royalty rate in the contract with the unrelated party at inception of the arrangement.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0411" base="F16132827" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Finished goods inventory at a retail outlet.</i> For finished goods inventory that is acquired in a business combination, a Level 2 input would be either a price to customers in a retail market or a price to retailers in a wholesale market, adjusted for differences between the condition and location of the inventory item  and the comparable (ie similar) inventory items  so that the fair value measurement reflects the price that would be received in a transaction to sell the inventory to another retailer that would complete the requisite selling efforts. Conceptually, the fair value measurement will be the same, whether adjustments are made to a retail price (downward) or to a wholesale price (upward). Generally, the price that requires the least amount of subjective adjustments should be used for the fair value measurement.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0412" base="F16132830" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Building held and used.</i> A Level 2 input would be the price per square metre for the building (a valuation multiple) derived from observable market data, eg multiples derived from prices in observed transactions involving comparable (ie similar) buildings in similar locations. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(h)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0413" base="F16132833" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Cash‑generating unit.</i> A Level 2 input would be a valuation multiple (eg a multiple of earnings or revenue or a similar performance measure) derived from observable market data, eg multiples derived from prices in observed transactions involving comparable (ie similar) businesses, taking into account operational, market, financial and non‑financial factors. </p></li></ol></body></paragraph>