<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS13_B44" base="F16132894" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B44</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B44" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS13_P0443" class="- topic/p ">An entity shall consider all the following when measuring fair value or estimating market risk premiums: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0053" base="F16132896" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0444" base="F16132897" class="- topic/p ">If the evidence indicates that a transaction is not orderly, an entity shall place little, if any, weight  (compared with other indications of fair value) on that transaction price.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0445" base="F16132899" class="- topic/p ">If the evidence indicates that a transaction is orderly, an entity shall take into account that transaction price. The amount of weight  placed on that transaction price when compared with other indications of fair value will depend on the facts and circumstances, such as the following:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0054" base="F16132901" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0446" base="F16132902" class="- topic/p ">the volume of the transaction.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0447" base="F16132904" class="- topic/p ">the comparability of the transaction to the asset or liability being measured.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0448" base="F16132906" class="- topic/p ">the proximity of the transaction to the measurement date.</p></li></ol></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0449" base="F16132908" class="- topic/p ">If an entity does not have sufficient information to conclude whether a transaction is orderly, it shall take into account the transaction price. However, that transaction price may not represent fair value (ie the transaction price is not necessarily the sole or primary basis for measuring fair value or estimating market risk premiums). When an entity does not have sufficient information to conclude whether particular transactions are orderly, the entity shall place less weight  on those transactions when compared with other transactions that are known to be orderly.</p></li></ol><p id="IFRS13_P0450" base="F16132909" class="- topic/p ">An entity need not undertake exhaustive efforts to determine whether a transaction is orderly, but it shall not ignore information that is reasonably available. When an entity is a party to a transaction, it is presumed to have sufficient information to conclude whether the transaction is orderly.</p></body></paragraph>