<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS13_B36" base="F16132837" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">B36</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="B36" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS13_P0414" class="- topic/p ">Examples of Level 3 inputs for particular assets and liabilities include the following:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F16132839" id="IFRS13_L0050" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li id="IFRS13_B36_a" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="F16132840" id="IFRS13_P0415" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Long‑dated currency swap.</i> A Level 3 input would be an interest rate in a specified currency that is not observable and cannot be corroborated by observable market data at commonly quoted intervals or otherwise for substantially the full term of the currency swap. The interest rates in a currency swap are the swap rates calculated from the respective countries’ yield curves.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS13_B36_b" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="F16138718" id="IFRS13_P0416" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Three‑year option on exchange‑traded shares</i>. A Level 3 input would be historical volatility, ie the volatility for the shares derived from the shares’ historical prices. Historical volatility typically does not represent current market participants’ expectations about future volatility, even if it is the only information available to price an option.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS13_B36_c" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p base="F16132843" id="IFRS13_P0417" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Interest rate swap.</i> A Level 3 input would be an           adjustment to a mid‑market consensus (non‑binding) price for the swap developed using data           that are not directly observable and cannot otherwise be corroborated by observable market           data.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS13_B36_d" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>         <p base="F16132847" id="IFRS13_P0418" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Decommissioning liability assumed in a business             combination.</i>                      A Level 3 input would be a current estimate using the entity’s own data about the future           cash outflows to be paid to fulfil the obligation (including market participants’           expectations about the costs of fulfilling the obligation and the compensation that a           market participant would require for taking on the obligation  to dismantle the asset) if there is no reasonably available           information that indicates that market participants would use different assumptions. That           Level 3 input would be used in a present value technique            together with other inputs, eg a current risk‑free interest rate or a credit‑adjusted           risk‑free rate if the effect of the entity’s credit standing  on the           fair value of the liability is reflected in the discount rate rather than in the estimate           of future cash outflows.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS13_B36_e" class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>         <p base="F16132850" id="IFRS13_P0419" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Cash‑generating unit.</ph></ph> A Level 3 input would be           a financial forecast (eg of cash flows or profit or loss) developed using the entity’s own           data if there is no reasonably available information that indicates that market           participants would use different assumptions.          </p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>