<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="CF2018_BC5.15" base="F72807688"><paranum>BC5.15</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value=""/><data name="paranum" value="BC5.15"/></prolog><body><p id="CF2018_P1353">Many respondents both to the 2013 Discussion Paper and to the 2015 Exposure Draft argued that the recognition criteria should continue to refer to probability. They argued that:</p><ol id="CF2018_L0139" base="F72807691" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1354" base="SL72807753">the probability criterion had proved to be a practical way of applying the qualitative characteristics. The proposed supporting guidance on items with a low probability of generating a flow of economic benefits was not clear enough and would lead to doubt and inconsistency.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1355" base="SL72807754">the removal of the probability criterion, in combination with the removal of the reference to &#x2018;expected&#x2019; from the definitions of an asset and a liability, could lead to requirements for entities to recognise more assets and liabilities with a low probability of inflows or outflows of economic benefits. Recognising such assets and liabilities would not provide useful information. In addition, preparers of financial statements might have to search extensively for rights and obligations. (The deletion of the notion of an &#x2018;expected&#x2019; flow is discussed in paragraphs BC4.8&#x2013;BC4.14.)</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1356" base="SL72807755">if assets and liabilities with a low probability of future inflows and outflows were recognised, they might have to be measured at amounts based on expected value. Such measurement is difficult and puts a burden on preparers of financial statements. Sometimes, providing information about the range and distribution of possible outcomes is more useful than providing a measure based on expected value. Such measures may provide an illusion of precision that does not exist.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>