<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="CF2018_BC2.44" base="F72025175"><paranum>BC2.44</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value=""/><data name="paranum" value="BC2.44"/></prolog><body><p id="CF2018_P1073">However, although the Board rejected a requirement for systematic asymmetry, the Board also concluded that not all asymmetry is inconsistent with neutrality. The selection of neutral accounting policies means selecting accounting policies in a manner that is not intended to increase the probability that financial information will be received favourably or unfavourably by users. The selection of neutral accounting policies: </p><ol id="CF2018_L0097" base="F72025177" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1074" base="F72025178">does not require an entity to recognise the value of the entity in the statement of financial position. Paragraph 1.7 of the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> states that general purpose financial reports are not designed to show the value of a reporting entity.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1075" base="F72025180">does not require the recognition of all assets and liabilities. Chapter 5&#x2014;<i>Recognition and derecognition</i> of the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> discusses recognition criteria for assets and liabilities.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1076" base="F72025182">does not require the measurement of all assets and liabilities at a current value. Chapter 6&#x2014;<i>Measurement</i> of the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> discusses factors to consider when selecting a measurement basis. Considering those factors would not lead to such a requirement.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1077" base="F72025185">does not prohibit impairment tests on assets measured at historical cost. Measurement at historical cost, including an impairment test, is consistent with neutrality if that measurement basis is selected without bias. The absence of bias means that the measurement basis is selected without slanting, weighting, emphasising, de-emphasising or otherwise manipulating information to increase the probability that it will be received favourably or unfavourably by users.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>