<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="CF2018_BC2.48" base="F72025202"><paranum>BC2.48</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value=""/><data name="paranum" value="BC2.48"/></prolog><body><p id="CF2018_P1082">Nevertheless, it was apparent that the link between the level of uncertainty in an estimate and its usefulness was not very visible and many readers of the 2010 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> seemed to overlook it. Consequently, the 2015 Exposure Draft discussed how measurement uncertainty could affect the relevance of financial information. Respondents to the 2015 Exposure Draft welcomed the discussion of measurement uncertainty. However, some argued that measurement uncertainty is an aspect of the fundamental qualitative characteristic of faithful representation rather than an aspect of relevance. The Board agreed with these arguments noting that: </p><ol id="CF2018_L0098" base="F72025204" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p id="CF2018_P1083" base="F72025206">measurement uncertainty makes information less verifiable. As explained in paragraph 2.30 of the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>, verifiability helps to assure users of financial statements that information faithfully represents what it purports to represent. The higher the level of measurement uncertainty, the less assurance users have that a particular estimate provides a faithful representation of the phenomenon. Thus, measurement uncertainty affects whether economic phenomena can be faithfully represented.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p id="CF2018_P1084" base="F72025208">paragraphs 2.20&#x2013;2.21 of the 2018 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> describe the most efficient and effective process of applying the fundamental qualitative characteristics. In line with that description, the qualitative characteristic of relevance is concerned with what particular piece of information is capable of being useful to users. On the other hand, the qualitative characteristic of faithful representation is concerned with whether that information can provide a faithful representation. Thus, measurement uncertainty associated with the estimation process does not affect relevance; it affects whether that measure can be provided in a way that produces a faithful representation.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p id="CF2018_P1085" base="F72025210">even if information is subject to a high level of measurement uncertainty, it can be relevant. For example, if the underlying phenomenon is subject to significant risks and uncertainties, a highly uncertain measure may provide the only relevant information about that phenomenon.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>