<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="CF2018_BC4.72" base="F72807406"><paranum>BC4.72</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value=""/><data name="paranum" value="BC4.72"/></prolog><body><p id="CF2018_P1279">The term &#x2018;contingent liability&#x2019; is not used in the 2018 <i>Conceptual Framework</i> because:</p><ol id="CF2018_L0126" base="F72807409" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p id="CF2018_P1280" base="SL72807580">the three categories of item encompassed by the           IAS 37 definition do not form a single natural class. The items in category (a) may be           liabilities but are subject to existence uncertainty. The items in categories (b) and (c)           are liabilities but might or might not be recognised after applying the recognition           criteria described in Chapter 5&#x2014;<i>Recognition and derecognition</i>.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1281" base="SL72807581">contingent liabilities are not a further element of financial statements, additional to liabilities and equity. Moreover, some &#x2018;contingent liabilities&#x2019; are liabilities, but others are not.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="CF2018_P1282" base="SL72807582">in common usage, the term &#x2018;contingent liability&#x2019; is not used in the same way as in IAS 37. It often refers to an item that may give rise to an outflow of economic resources if some uncertain future event occurs. Depending on the circumstances, an obligating event might or might not have occurred. If an obligating event has occurred, the item might be a liability subject to existence uncertainty, outcome uncertainty, measurement uncertainty or any combination of those uncertainties. The liability might be recognised or unrecognised.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>