<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS21_8" base="SL30918" principles="yes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">8</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 21" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="8" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body outputclass="bold" class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS21_P0022" class="- topic/p ">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings specified: </p><p id="IAS21_P0023" base="SL147523" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Closing rate</i> is the spot exchange rate at the end of the reporting period.</p><p id="IAS21_P0024" base="SL147524" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exchange difference</i> is the difference resulting from translating a given number of units of one currency into another currency at different exchange rates.</p><p id="IAS21_P0025" base="SL147525" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exchange rate</i> is the ratio of exchange for two currencies.</p><p id="IAS21_P0026" base="SL147526" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair value</i> is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. (See IFRS 13 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair Value Measurement</i>.)</p><p id="IAS21_P0027" base="SL147527" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Foreign currency</i> is a currency other than the functional currency of the entity.</p><p id="IAS21_P0028" base="SL147528" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Foreign operation</i> is an entity that is a subsidiary, associate, joint arrangement or branch of a reporting entity, the activities of which are based or conducted in a country or currency other than those of the reporting entity.</p><p id="IAS21_P0029" base="SL147529" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Functional currency</i> is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates.</p><p id="IAS21_P0033" base="SL147530" class="- topic/p ">A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">group</i> is a parent and all its subsidiaries.</p><p id="IAS21_P0034" base="SL147531" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Monetary items</i> are units of currency held and assets and liabilities to be received or paid in a fixed or determinable number of units of currency.</p><p id="IAS21_P0037" base="SL147532" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Net investment in a foreign operation</i> is the amount of the reporting entity’s interest in the net assets of that operation.</p><p id="IAS21_P0040" base="SL147533" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Presentation currency</i> is the currency in which the financial statements are presented.</p><p id="IAS21_P0041" base="SL147534" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Spot exchange rate</i> is the exchange rate for immediate delivery.</p></body></paragraph>