<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS37_IE_D" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title base="F13757743" level="1" outputclass="no_rule" id="IAS37_IE_D_TI" class="- topic/title ">D Examples: disclosures</title><body class="- topic/body "><p base="SL153514" id="IAS37_P0362" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Two examples of the disclosures required by <xref href="IAS37_85.dita#IAS37_85" base="F16146604" id="IAS37_X0289" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 85</xref> are provided below.</i></p><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL81005" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="1" id="IAS37_TAB0005" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Example 1 Warranties             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL153515" id="IAS37_P0364" class="- topic/p ">A manufacturer gives warranties at the time of sale to purchasers of its three product lines. Under the terms of the warranty, the manufacturer undertakes to repair or replace items that fail to perform satisfactorily for two years from the date of sale. At the end of the reporting period, a provision of 60,000 has been recognised. The provision has not been discounted as the effect of discounting is not material. The following information is disclosed:</p>               <p base="SL153516" id="IAS37_P0365" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">A provision of 60,000 has been recognised for expected warranty claims on products sold during the last three financial years. It is expected that the majority of this expenditure will be incurred in the next financial year, and all will be incurred within two years after the reporting period.</i></p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL81006" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="1" id="IAS37_TAB0006" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               Example 2 Decommissioning costs             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL153517" id="IAS37_P0367" class="- topic/p ">In 2000, an entity involved in nuclear activities recognises a provision for decommissioning costs of 300 million. The provision is estimated using the assumption that decommissioning will take place in 60–70 years’ time. However, there is a possibility that it will not take place until 100–110 years’ time, in which case the present value of the costs will be significantly reduced. The following information is disclosed:</p>               <p base="SL153518" id="IAS37_P0368" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">A provision of 300 million has been recognised for decommissioning costs. These costs are expected to be incurred between 2060 and 2070; however, there is a possibility that decommissioning will not take place until 2100–2110. If the costs were measured based upon the expectation that they would not be incurred until 2100–2110 the provision would be reduced to 136 million. The provision has been estimated using existing technology, at current prices, and discounted using a real discount rate of 2 per cent.</i></p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><p base="SL153519" id="IAS37_P0369" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">An example is given below of the disclosures required by <xref href="IAS37_92.dita#IAS37_92" base="F16146605" id="IAS37_X0290" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 92</xref> where some of the information required is not given because it can be expected to prejudice seriously the position of the entity.</i></p><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL81007" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="1" id="IAS37_TAB0007" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               Example 3 Disclosure exemption             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL153520" id="IAS37_P0371" class="- topic/p ">An entity is involved in a dispute with a competitor, who is alleging that the entity has infringed patents and is seeking damages of 100 million. The entity recognises a provision for its best estimate of the obligation, but discloses none of the information required by <xref href="IAS37_84.dita#IAS37_84" base="F16146636" id="IAS37_X0291" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 84 and 85</xref> of the Standard. The following information is disclosed:</p>               <p base="SL153521" id="IAS37_P0372" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Litigation is in process against the company relating to a dispute with a competitor who alleges that the company has infringed patents and is seeking damages of 100 million. The information usually required by IAS 37</i> Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">is not disclosed on the grounds that it can be expected to prejudice seriously the outcome of the litigation. The directors are of the opinion that the claim can be successfully resisted by the company.</i></p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></topic>