<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS37_IE_C_ex3" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title base="SL153431" id="IAS37_IE_C_ex3_TI" level="2" class="- topic/title ">Example 3 Offshore oilfield</title><body class="- topic/body "><p base="SL153432" id="IAS37_P0304" class="- topic/p ">An entity operates an offshore oilfield where its licensing agreement requires it to remove the oil rig at the end of production and restore the seabed. Ninety per cent of the eventual costs relate to the removal of the oil rig and restoration of damage caused by building it, and 10 per cent arise through the extraction of oil. At the end of the reporting period, the rig has been constructed but no oil has been extracted.</p><p base="SL153433" id="IAS37_P0305" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Present obligation as a result of a past obligating event</b> – The construction of the oil rig creates a legal obligation under the terms of the licence to remove the rig and restore the seabed and is thus an obligating event. At the end of the reporting period, however, there is no obligation to rectify the damage that will be caused by extraction of the oil.</p><p base="SL153434" id="IAS37_P0306" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">An outflow of resources embodying economic benefits in settlement</b> – Probable.</p><p base="SL153435" id="IAS37_P0307" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Conclusion</b> – A provision is recognised for the best estimate of ninety per cent of the eventual costs that relate to the removal of the oil rig and restoration of damage caused by building it (see <xref href="IAS37_14.dita#IAS37_14" base="F16146442" id="IAS37_X0252" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 14</xref>). These costs are included as part of the cost of the oil rig. The 10 per cent of costs that arise through the extraction of oil are recognised as a liability when the oil is extracted.</p></body></topic>