<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F16152436" id="IAS19_BC247" principles="no"><paranum>BC247</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19"/><data name="paranum" value="BC247"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS19_P1640"><xref base="F16231073" href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1109">IAS 37</xref> requires an entity to disclose information about contingent liabilities  and IAS 19 notes that contingent liabilities may arise from an entity&#x2019;s participation in a multi&#x2011;employer plan. The Board identified two cases in which such information may be relevant, namely withdrawal from the plan and the wind&#x2011;up of a plan. In the Board&#x2019;s view, disclosure of the withdrawal liability should be limited to qualitative information, for the following reasons:</p><ol base="F16152438" id="IAS19_L0201" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F16152439" id="IAS19_P1641">If an entity is not committed to withdrawing from the plan, the plan is not committed to being wound up or a withdrawal liability has not been agreed between the entity and the plan, determining the withdrawal liability would be difficult. Furthermore, additional measurement requirements would have to be developed as well as further disclosure about the assumptions used.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F16152441" id="IAS19_P1642">Withdrawal is not always an option for an entity. However, the Board decided that an entity should disclose whether it is unable to withdraw from a plan because that would be useful information for a user of the financial statements.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F16152443" id="IAS19_P1643">The cost of obtaining the information would make the disclosure onerous if it were required for all entities in all circumstances. Moreover, an entity may be unable to obtain the information.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>