<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS19_BC212"><paranum>BC212</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19"/><data name="paranum" value="BC212"/></prolog><body><variant base="F58849990" principles="no" id="IAS19_BC212_V2">       <p id="IAS19_P1571">The Board considered whether it should require the same disclosure objectives for defined benefit plans as for long&#x2011;term financial instruments and insurance contracts. All three expose the entity to similar risks, including risks that the ultimate cost of settling the liability may vary from the amount estimated and risks arising from the complexity of measuring the liability. Many respondents stated that the disclosures in IAS 19 do not provide users of financial statements with the information about risk that is provided for other assets and liabilities. However, the Board concluded that much of the information required by <xref base="F58849991" href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita#IFRS07_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1090">IFRS 7</xref> and IFRS 4 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph><xref keyref="footnotes/IAS19_FN0053" type="fn"/> for assets would be unnecessary in depicting an entity&#x2019;s involvement with a defined benefit plan because:</p>       <ol base="F58849994" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS19_L0190"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="F58849996" id="IAS19_P1572">the entity may not manage plan assets directly and may not have an unrestricted ability to access the economic benefits from those assets. Thus, plan assets differ from assets held directly by the entity. Consequently, disclosures about market risk and credit risk of plan assets are less relevant than for assets an entity holds directly. Moreover, an entity may have limited information about them.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="F58849998" id="IAS19_P1573">liquidity risk arises from the timing and amount of contributions that the entity is required to make to the plan and not from the need to meet directly the payments required by the defined benefit obligation.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>