<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS19_BC181"><paranum>BC181</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19"/><data name="paranum" value="BC181"/></prolog><body><variant base="F19791028" id="IAS19_BC181_V2" principles="no">       <p id="IAS19_P1504">Supporters of a gross approach advocated that approach for one or more of the following reasons: </p>       <ol base="F19791029" id="IAS19_L0181" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="F19791031" id="IAS19_P1505"><xref base="F19791032" href="IAS19_gBC174-BC177.dita#IAS19_gBC174-BC177/IAS19_gBC174-BC177_TI" id="IAS19_X1038">Paragraph BC174</xref> gives a justification for presenting defined benefit obligations net of plan assets. The explanation focuses on whether offsetting is appropriate. Part (c) of the 1998 definition focuses on offsetting. This suggests that assets that satisfy parts (a) and (b) of the definition, but fail part (c), should be treated in the same way as plan assets for recognition and measurement purposes, but should be shown gross in the balance sheet without offsetting.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="F19791034" id="IAS19_P1506">If offsetting is allowed when condition (c) is not met, this would seem to be equivalent to permitting a net presentation for &#x2018;in&#x2011;substance defeasance&#x2019; and other analogous cases where IAS 32 indicates explicitly that offsetting is inappropriate. IASC rejected &#x2018;in&#x2011;substance defeasance&#x2019; for financial instruments (see IAS 39 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph><xref keyref="footnotes/IAS19_FN0042" type="fn"/> paragraph AG59) and there was no obvious reason to permit it in accounting for defined benefit plans. In these cases the entity retains an obligation that should be recognised as a liability and the entity&#x2019;s right to reimbursement from the plan is a source of economic benefits that should be recognised as an asset. Offsetting would be permitted if the conditions in <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_g42-95.dita#IAS32_g42-95/IAS32_g42-95_TI_V2" id="IAS19_X1039" scope="local">paragraph 42 of IAS 32</xref> are satisfied.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>           <p base="F19791043" id="IAS19_P1507">IASC decided in <xref base="F19791044" href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1040">IAS 37</xref> to require a gross presentation for reimbursements related to provisions, even though this was not previously general practice. There is no conceptual reason to require a different treatment for employee benefits.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>           <p base="F19791048" id="IAS19_P1508">Although some consider that a gross approach requires an entity to recognise assets that it does not control, others believe that this view is incorrect. A gross approach requires the entity to recognise an asset representing its right to receive reimbursement from the fund that holds those assets. It does not require the entity to recognise the underlying assets of the fund.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value>           <p base="F19791050" id="IAS19_P1509">In a plan with plan assets that meet the definition adopted in 1998, the employees&#x2019; first claim is against the fund&#x2014;they have no claim against the entity if sufficient assets are in the fund. In the view of some, the fact that employees must first claim against the fund is more than just a difference in form&#x2014;it changes the substance of the obligation.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value>           <p base="F19791052" id="IAS19_P1510">Defined benefit plans might be regarded under <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidation&#x2014;Special Purpose Entities</ph></ph><xref keyref="footnotes/IAS19_FN0043" type="fn"/> as special purpose entities that the entity controls&#x2014;and that it should consolidate. Because the offsetting criterion in IAS 19 was consistent with offsetting criteria in other International Accounting Standards, it was relatively unimportant whether the pension plan is consolidated in cases where the obligation and the plan assets qualify for offset. If the assets are presented as a deduction from the related benefit obligations in cases where condition (c) is not met, it could become important to assess whether the entity should consolidate the plan.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>