<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F16152117" id="IAS19_BC202" principles="no"><paranum>BC202</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19"/><data name="paranum" value="BC202"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS19_P1540" outputclass="keep_with_next">The Board also considered:</p><ol base="F16152149" id="IAS19_L0183" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F16152150" id="IAS19_P1541">requiring the net interest component to be included in the finance cost line item of <xref base="F16230904" href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1073">IAS 1</xref>, as proposed in the 2010 ED. However, if the Board had adopted this approach, it would have needed to consider whether the requirement would apply when the net interest component represents income because <xref base="F16230932" href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1074">IAS 1</xref> requires only finance cost and not finance income to be presented separately. The Board would also have needed to consider in due course whether it should apply similar treatment to amounts related to the passage of time in other projects, such as revenue recognition, insurance contracts and leases. The Board concluded that this would be beyond the scope of the project and that it should consider this aspect of presentation in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income more broadly as part of the financial statement presentation project.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F16152152" id="IAS19_P1542">amending <xref base="F16230934" href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1075">IAS 1</xref> to require a separate line item for the net interest component or to require presentation of a line item that would combine service cost and net interest. The Board concluded that although these amounts would be material to many entities, there is no reason to single out post&#x2011;employment benefits for special treatment in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. If an entity thinks that information about pensions is sufficiently important to the users of its financial statements, <xref base="F16230933" href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1076">IAS 1</xref> already permits that entity to provide disaggregated information in the performance statements. The Board would also have had to consider the implications of adding mandatory line items to <xref base="F16230935" href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" id="IAS19_X1077">IAS 1</xref> if the entity presented its expenses by function. The Board concluded that this was beyond the scope of the project.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>