<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS19_BC13" base="F16150630" principles="no"><paranum>BC13</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19"/><data name="paranum" value="BC13"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS19_P1012">In selecting issues to address, the Board discussed the following issues, but took no action in the amendments made in 2011.</p><ol id="IAS19_L0109" base="F16150632" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1013" base="F16150633"><i>Contribution&#x2011;based promises</i>&#x2014;The discussion paper included proposals on contribution&#x2011;based promises. The Board will consider whether to develop those proposals further if it undertakes a comprehensive review of employee benefit accounting.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1014" base="F16150635"><i>Discount rate for employee benefits</i>&#x2014;The Board did not proceed with the proposals in its exposure draft <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Discount Rate for Employee Benefits</ph></ph>, published in August 2009. The Board decided it would address issues relating to the discount rate only in the context of a fundamental review (see <xref id="IAS19_X0893" base="F16229438" href="IAS19_gBC138-BC139.dita#IAS19_gBC138-BC139/IAS19_gBC138-BC139_TI">paragraphs BC138 and BC139</xref>).</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1015" base="F16150637"><i>The effect of expected future salary increases on the attribution of benefits</i>&#x2014;The 2010 ED proposed that expected future salary increases should be included in determining whether a benefit formula expressed in terms of current salary allocates a materially higher level of benefit to later years. The Board did not proceed with that proposal because it is closely related to a fundamental review of the accounting for contribution&#x2011;based promises (see <xref id="IAS19_X0894" base="F16229439" href="IAS19_gBC117-BC120.dita#IAS19_gBC117-BC120/IAS19_gBC117-BC120_TI">paragraphs BC117&#x2013;BC120</xref>).</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1016" base="F16150639"><i>Exemption for entities participating in multi&#x2011;employer defined benefit plans</i>&#x2014;The Board rejected a proposal to permit all entities participating in a multi&#x2011;employer defined benefit plan to account for these plans as defined contribution plans. The Board concluded that extending that exemption would be contrary to its general approach of limiting exceptions. The Board also believes that such an exemption would not be appropriate for all multi&#x2011;employer plans, such as when an entity becomes a dominant participant in a multi&#x2011;employer plan, perhaps because other participants leave the plan (see <xref id="IAS19_X0895" base="F16229440" href="IAS19_gBC39-BC39.dita#IAS19_gBC39-BC39/IAS19_gBC39-BC39_TI">paragraph BC39</xref>).</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1017" base="F16150659"><i>IFRIC&#x2011;related matters</i>&#x2014;The Board did not incorporate into IAS 19 the requirements of <xref id="IAS19_X0896" base="F16229441" href="../ifric14/IFRIC14_TOC0001.dita#IFRIC14_TOC0001">IFRIC 14 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">IAS 19&#x2014;The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset, Minimum Funding Requirements and their Interaction</ph></ph></xref>. Incorporating IFRIC 14 would require changes to the drafting, which could have unintended consequences. The Board also considered other questions received by the IFRIC but concluded that it would not amend IAS 19 at this time.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>