<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS19_BC20" base="F16150694" principles="no"><paranum>BC20</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19"/><data name="paranum" value="BC20"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS19_P1026">However, classifying short&#x2011;term employee benefits on the basis of expected settlement raises the following additional concerns:</p><ol id="IAS19_L0111" base="F16150696" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1027" base="F16150697"><i>Unit of account</i>&#x2014;the expected settlement date is determined on the basis of a combination of the characteristics of the benefits and the characteristics of the employees, and would reflect the actuarial assumptions for a particular year rather than the characteristics of the benefits promised. The Board concluded that the classification of the benefits should reflect the characteristics of the benefits, rather than the demographic or financial assumptions at a point in time.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1028" base="F16150699"><i>Splitting benefits into components</i>&#x2014;some benefits are expected to be settled over a period of time. The Board concluded that an entity should classify a benefit as a short&#x2011;term employee benefit if the whole of the benefit is expected to be settled before twelve months after the end of the annual reporting period in which the related service was provided. This will ensure that the benefit is measured on the same basis throughout its life and is consistent with the measurement requirements of <xref id="IAS19_X0899" base="F16229442" href="IAS19_69.dita#IAS19_69">paragraph 69</xref>.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1029" base="F16150701"><i>Reclassification</i>&#x2014;if the expected settlement date of a benefit classified initially as a short&#x2011;term employee benefit changes subsequently to a date more than twelve months after the end of the reporting period, then the undiscounted amount of that benefit could differ materially from its present value. The Board concluded that the classification of a short&#x2011;term employee benefit should be revisited if it no longer meets the definition. This maintains the objective that the benefits should not be measured at an amount that would differ materially from their present value. However, the Board concluded that a temporary change in expectation should not trigger reclassification because such a change would not be indicative of a change in the underlying characteristics of the benefit. The Board noted that reclassification of a benefit from other long&#x2011;term employee benefits to short&#x2011;term employee benefits is less of a concern because in that case measuring the benefit at its undiscounted amount should not differ materially from measuring the benefit at its present value.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>