<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS19_BC132" base="F16151545" principles="no"><paranum>BC132</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 19"/><data name="paranum" value="BC132"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS19_P1309">Those who support using the interest rate on an appropriate portfolio as a risk&#x2011;adjusted discount rate argue that: </p><ol id="IAS19_L0153" base="F16151547" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1310" base="F16151548">portfolio theory suggests that the expected return on an asset (or the interest rate inherent in a liability) is related to the undiversifiable risk associated with that asset (or liability). Undiversifiable risk reflects not the variability of the returns (payments) in absolute terms but the correlation of the returns (or payments) with the returns on other assets. If cash inflows from a portfolio of assets react to changing economic conditions over the long term in the same way as the cash outflows of a defined benefit obligation, the undiversifiable risk of the obligation (and hence the appropriate discount rate) must be the same as that of the portfolio of assets.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1311" base="F16151550">an important aspect of the economic reality underlying final salary plans is the correlation between final salary and equity returns that arises because they both reflect the same long&#x2011;term economic forces. Although the correlation is not perfect, it is sufficiently strong that ignoring it will lead to systematic overstatement of the liability. In addition, ignoring this correlation will result in misleading volatility due to short&#x2011;term fluctuations between the rate used to discount the obligation and the discount rate that is implicit in the fair value of the plan assets. These factors will deter entities from operating defined benefit plans and lead to switches from equities to fixed&#x2011;interest investments. Where defined benefit plans are largely funded by equities, this could have a serious impact on share prices. This switch will also increase the cost of pensions. There will be pressure on companies to remove the apparent (but non&#x2011;existent) shortfall.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1312" base="F16151562">if an entity settled its obligation by purchasing an annuity, the insurance company would determine the annuity rates by looking to a portfolio of assets that provides cash inflows that substantially offset all the cash flows from the benefit obligation as those cash flows fall due. Consequently, the expected return on an appropriate portfolio measures the obligation at an amount that is close to its market value. In practice, it is not possible to settle a final pay obligation by buying annuities because no insurance company would insure a final pay decision that remained at the discretion of the person insured. However, evidence can be derived from the purchase or sale of businesses that include a final salary pension scheme. In this situation the vendor and purchaser would negotiate a price for the pension obligation by reference to its present value, discounted at the rate of return on an appropriate portfolio.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1313" base="F16151564">although investment risk is present even in a well&#x2011;diversified portfolio of equity securities, any general decline in securities would, in the long term, be reflected in declining salaries. Because employees accepted that risk by agreeing to a final salary plan, the exclusion of that risk from the measurement of the obligation would introduce a systematic bias into the measurement.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS19_P1314" base="F16151566">time&#x2011;honoured funding practices in some countries use the expected return on an appropriate portfolio as the discount rate. Although funding considerations are distinct from accounting issues, the long history of this approach calls for careful scrutiny of any other proposed approach.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>