<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS41_5" principles="yes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">5</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 41" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="5" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body outputclass="bold" class="- topic/body "><variant id="IAS41_5_V2" base="SL32827925" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant "> <p id="IAS41_P0115" class="- topic/p ">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings specified: </p> <p id="IAS41_P0116" base="SL32827926" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Agricultural activity</i> is the management by an entity of the biological transformation and harvest of biological assets for sale or for conversion into agricultural produce or into additional biological assets.</p>  <p id="IAS41_P0119" base="SL32827936" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Agricultural produce</i> is the harvested produce of the entity’s biological assets.</p> <p id="IAS41_P0120" base="SL32828544" class="- topic/p ">A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">bearer plant</i> is a living plant that:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IAS41_L0006" base="SL32828546" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS41_P0121" base="SL32828548" class="- topic/p ">is used in the production or supply of agricultural produce;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS41_P0122" base="SL32828550" class="- topic/p ">is expected to bear produce for more than one period; and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS41_P0123" base="SL32828552" class="- topic/p ">has a remote likelihood of being sold as agricultural produce, except for incidental scrap sales.</p></li></ol>  <p id="IAS41_P0126" base="SL32827941" class="- topic/p ">A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">biological asset</i> is a living animal or plant.</p> <p id="IAS41_P0127" base="SL32827944" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Biological transformation</i> comprises the processes of growth, degeneration, production, and procreation that cause qualitative or quantitative changes in a biological asset.</p> <p id="IAS41_P0128" base="F32827948" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Costs to sell</i> are the incremental costs directly attributable to the disposal of an asset, excluding finance costs and income taxes.</p>  <p id="IAS41_P0131" base="SL32827953" class="- topic/p ">A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">group of biological assets</i> is an aggregation of similar living animals or plants.</p> <p id="IAS41_P0132" base="SL32827956" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Harvest</i> is the detachment of produce from a biological asset or the cessation of a biological asset’s life processes.</p></variant></body></paragraph>