<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS10_BC226"><paranum>BC226</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 10"/><data name="paranum" value="BC226"/></prolog><body><variant id="IFRS10_BC226_V1" base="SL36882891"> <p id="IFRS10_P1215">The Board has decided to adopt an entity-based approach to the exception to consolidation. That is, the exception to consolidation is based on the type of entity that owns the subsidiary. The Board considered providing an asset-based approach to the exception to consolidation. Under an asset-based approach, an entity would consider its relationship with, and the characteristics of, each of its subsidiaries (that is, each individual asset) to decide whether fair value measurement is more appropriate than consolidation. However, the Board decided to retain the entity-based exception to consolidation that was proposed in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment Entities</ph></ph> ED. The Board was concerned that an asset-based approach would significantly broaden the exception to consolidation by making the exception available to any entity holding relevant assets. This would represent a significant conceptual change to the consolidation model that the Board has developed in this IFRS. In addition, the Board believes that investment entities have a unique business model that makes reporting subsidiaries at fair value more appropriate than consolidation. An entity-based approach captures the unique business model of investment entities.</p></variant></body></paragraph>