<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F16128845" id="IFRS10_BC35"><paranum>BC35</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 10"/><data name="paranum" value="BC35"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS10_P0860" outputclass="keep_with_next">In reaching its conclusions regarding control as the basis for consolidation, the Board also noted the following:</p><ol base="F16128847" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS10_L0079"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F16128848" id="IFRS10_P0861">One of the main objectives of the consolidation project is to develop a consistent basis for determining when an investor should consolidate an investee, irrespective of the nature of the investee. Some respondents to ED 10 suggested including a particular level of exposure to risks and rewards as a presumption of, or proxy for, control, in the context of investees that are not directed through voting or similar rights. The Board concluded that introducing such a presumption for a particular set of investees would contradict the objective of developing a single consistent basis for consolidation that applies to all investees.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F16128850" id="IFRS10_P0862">Having a different consolidation model for some investees necessitates defining precisely those investees to which that model applies. There have been difficulties, in practice, in identifying which investees are special purpose entities to which SIC&#x2011;12 applied. A number of respondents to ED 10 noted that any attempt to split the continuum of investee types into distinct populations and to subject the different populations of entities to different consolidation models would lead to divergence in practice for investees that are not clearly in the specified population sets. For that reason, the Board decided not to carry forward the distinction proposed in ED 10 between different types of investees when assessing control (see <xref base="F16220565" href="IFRS10_gBC71-BC146.dita#IFRS10_gBC71-BC146/IFRS10_gBC71-BC146_TI" id="IFRS10_X0998">paragraphs BC71&#x2013;BC75</xref>).</p>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="F16128852" id="IFRS10_P0863">Including exposure to risks and rewards as a presumption of, or proxy for, control in particular situations puts more pressure on the measurement of that exposure. The Board was particularly concerned that the need to measure risks and rewards might result in the adoption of a consolidation model based on quantitative criteria (for example, a model focused on the majority of risks and rewards). Any quantitative analysis of risks and rewards would inevitably be complex and, as a consequence, difficult to understand, apply and audit. The Board noted that, depending on the specific facts and circumstances, a quantitative model might identify a controlling party that is different from the party that a qualitative analysis of the power over, and returns from, an investee would identify as the controlling party. The Board&#x2019;s analysis is consistent with concerns raised by the FASB&#x2019;s constituents on the quantitative consolidation model in Interpretation 46 (Revised) <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities</ph></ph>. The FASB has since issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 167 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Amendments to FIN 46 (Revised)</ph></ph> to amend Interpretation 46 to require a qualitative analysis focusing on the power over and returns from an investee to determine control.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS10_FN0032" type="fn"/></p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="F16128856" id="IFRS10_P0864">The Board believes that having a control model that applies to all investees is likely to reduce the opportunities for achieving a particular accounting outcome that is inconsistent with the economics of an investor&#x2019;s relationship with an investee&#x2014;ie it will reduce structuring opportunities.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>