<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS10_BCZ164" base="F16129169"><paranum>BCZ164</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 10"/><data name="paranum" value="BCZ164"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS10_P1049">Other respondents disagreed, often on the grounds that controlling and non&#x2011;controlling interests have different characteristics and should not be treated the same way. They argued that there was no need to change the guidance in IAS 27 (as revised in 2003) (ie that an entity should allocate excess losses to the controlling interest unless the non&#x2011;controlling interests have a binding obligation and are able to make an additional investment to cover the losses). The reasons given by those respondents were:</p><ol id="IFRS10_L0086" base="F16129171" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P1050" base="F16129172">The non&#x2011;controlling interests are not compelled to cover the deficit (unless they have specifically agreed to do so) and it is reasonable to assume that, if the subsidiary requires additional capital in order to continue operations, the non&#x2011;controlling interests would abandon their investments. In contrast, respondents asserted that in practice the controlling interest often has an implicit obligation to maintain the subsidiary as a going concern.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P1051" base="F16129174">Often guarantees or other support arrangements by the parent protect the non&#x2011;controlling interests from losses of the subsidiary in excess of equity and do not affect the way losses are attributed to the controlling and non&#x2011;controlling interests. Respondents argued that allocating those losses to the parent and non&#x2011;controlling interests and recognising separately a guarantee would not reflect the underlying economics, which are that only the parent absorbs the losses of the subsidiary. In their view, it would be misleading for financial statements to imply that the non&#x2011;controlling interests have an obligation to make additional investments.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P1052" base="F16129176">Recognising guarantees separately is contrary to the principle of the non&#x2011;recognition of transactions between owners.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS10_P1053" base="F16129178">Loss allocation should take into account legal, regulatory or contractual constraints, some of which may prevent entities from recognising negative non&#x2011;controlling interests, especially for regulated businesses (eg banks and insurers).</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>