<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRIC02_BC25" base="SL42108"><paranum>BC25</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRIC 2"/><data name="paranum" value="BC25"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRIC02_P0112">After considering a number of alternatives, the IFRIC decided against any exemption from the transition requirements and effective date in IAS 32. In reaching this conclusion, the IFRIC noted that it was requested to provide guidance on the application of IAS 32 when it is first adopted by co&#x2011;operative entities, ie from 1 January 2005. Also, the vast majority of those who commented on the draft Interpretation did not object to the proposed effective date of 1 January 2005. Finally, the IFRIC observed that classifying members&#x2019; shares as financial liabilities before the date that the terms of these shares are amended will affect only 2005 financial statements, as first&#x2011;time adopters are not required to apply IAS 32 to earlier periods. As a result, any effect of the Interpretation on first&#x2011;time adopters is expected to be limited. Furthermore, the IFRIC noted that regulators are familiar with the accounting issues involved. A co&#x2011;operative entity may be required to present members&#x2019; shares as a liability until the governing charter is amended. The IFRIC understands that such amendments, if adopted, could be in place by mid&#x2011;2005. Accordingly, the IFRIC decided that the effective date for the Interpretation would be annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2005.</p></body></paragraph>