<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS24_UN0001_orphan" outputclass="orphan" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title "/><body class="- topic/body "><variants id="IAS24_UN0001" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">              <bodydiv base="SL29361700" principles="yes" id="IAS24_UN0001_V2" class="- topic/bodydiv ">         <p id="IAS24_P0047" class="- topic/p ">A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">related party</i> is a person or entity that is related to the           entity that is preparing its financial statements (in this Standard referred to as the           ‘reporting entity’).          </p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="SL29361704" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS24_L0005" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>             <p base="SL29361706" id="IAS24_P0048" class="- topic/p ">A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to               a reporting entity if that person:</p>             <ol outputclass="static" base="SL29361709" type="lower-roman" id="IAS24_L0006" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361711" id="IAS24_P0049" class="- topic/p ">has control or joint control of the reporting                   entity;</p>                                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361726" id="IAS24_P0051" class="- topic/p ">has significant influence over the reporting                   entity; or</p>                                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361737" id="IAS24_P0053" class="- topic/p ">is a member of the key management personnel of the                   reporting entity or of a parent of the reporting entity.</p>                                </li></ol>           </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>             <p base="SL29361748" id="IAS24_P0055" class="- topic/p ">An entity is related to a reporting entity if any of               the following conditions applies:</p>             <ol outputclass="static" base="SL29361751" type="lower-roman" id="IAS24_L0007" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361753" id="IAS24_P0056" class="- topic/p ">The entity and the reporting entity are                   members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow                   subsidiary is related to the others).</p>                                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361764" id="IAS24_P0058" class="- topic/p ">One entity is an associate  or                   joint venture  of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a                   member of a group of which the other entity is a member).</p>                                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361779" id="IAS24_P0060" class="- topic/p ">Both entities are joint ventures of the same                   third party.</p>                                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iv)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361785" id="IAS24_P0063" class="- topic/p ">One entity is a joint venture  of a                   third entity and the other entity is an associate  of                   the third entity.</p>                                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(v)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361797" id="IAS24_P0066" class="- topic/p ">The entity is a post‑employment benefit plan                   for the benefit of employees of either the reporting entity or an entity related                   to the reporting entity. If the reporting entity is itself such a plan, the                   sponsoring employers are also related to the reporting entity.</p>               </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(vi)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361803" id="IAS24_P0067" class="- topic/p ">The entity is controlled or jointly controlled                   by a person identified in (a).</p>                                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(vii)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361815" id="IAS24_P0069" class="- topic/p ">A person identified in (a)(i) has significant                   influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the                   entity (or of a parent of the entity).</p>                                </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(viii)</li_value>                 <p base="F29361557" id="IAS24_P0071" class="- topic/p ">The entity, or any member of a group of which                   it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the reporting entity                   or to the parent of the reporting entity.                  </p>               </li></ol>           </li></ol>       </bodydiv>     </variants></body></topic>