<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="PS1_BC38" base="F15644533"><paranum>BC38</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 1"/><data name="paranum" value="BC38"/></prolog><body><p id="PS1_P0196">Many respondents to the exposure draft were concerned about the focus on forward&#x2011;looking information. However, the Board decided that forward&#x2011;looking information is important. Explanations of management&#x2019;s perspective of the entity&#x2019;s direction, targets and prospects, in addition to explanations of past events, can help users of the financial reports to develop expectations about the entity from its past performance and current state. Furthermore, the Board observed that the Practice Statement allows flexibility for management in determining to what extent management commentary includes forward&#x2011;looking information. In particular, the Board observed that the Practice Statement clearly indicates that the extent of forward&#x2011;looking information will be influenced by the regulatory and legal environment within which the entity operates. Moreover, although disclosure of forward&#x2011;looking information is encouraged in many jurisdictions, this does not necessarily mean providing forecasts or projections. The Board notes that in some jurisdictions there are safe harbour provisions to restrict liability claims or regulatory provisions, or both, for forward&#x2011;looking information. However, those safe harbour provisions require cautionary statements to be included with the forward&#x2011;looking information.</p></body></paragraph>