<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="SL30823" id="IAS20_3" principles="yes"><paranum>3</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 20"/><data name="paranum" value="3"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS20_P0012">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings specified: </p><p base="SL136174" id="IAS20_P0013"><i>Government</i> refers to government, government agencies and similar bodies whether local, national or international.</p><p base="SL136175" id="IAS20_P0014"><i>Government assistance</i> is action by <xref base="SL136174" href="#IAS20_3/IAS20_P0013">government<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0148"/></ph></xref> designed to provide an economic benefit specific to an entity or range of entities qualifying under certain criteria. Government assistance for the purpose of this Standard does not include benefits provided only indirectly through action affecting general trading conditions, such as the provision of infrastructure in development areas or the imposition of trading constraints on competitors.</p><p base="SL136176" id="IAS20_P0015"><i>Government grants</i> are assistance by <xref base="SL136174" href="#IAS20_3/IAS20_P0013">government<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0148"/></ph></xref> in the form of transfers of resources to an entity in return for past or future compliance with certain conditions relating to the operating activities of the entity. They exclude those forms of <xref base="SL136175" href="#IAS20_3/IAS20_P0014">government assistance<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0149"/></ph></xref> which cannot reasonably have a value placed upon them and transactions with government which cannot be distinguished from the normal trading transactions of the entity.<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS20_FN0002" type="fn"/></p><p base="SL136177" id="IAS20_P0016"><i>Grants related to assets</i> are <xref base="SL136176" href="#IAS20_3/IAS20_P0015">government grants<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0150"/></ph></xref> whose primary condition is that an entity qualifying for them should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire long&#x2011;term assets. Subsidiary conditions may also be attached restricting the type or location of the assets or the periods during which they are to be acquired or held.</p><p base="SL136178" id="IAS20_P0017"><i>Grants related to income</i> are <xref base="SL136176" href="#IAS20_3/IAS20_P0015">government grants<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0150"/></ph></xref> other than <xref base="SL136177" href="#IAS20_3/IAS20_P0016">those related to assets<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0153"/></ph></xref>.</p><p base="SL136179" id="IAS20_P0018"><i>Forgivable loans</i> are loans which the lender undertakes to waive repayment of under certain prescribed conditions.</p><p base="SL136180" id="IAS20_P0019"><i>Fair value</i> is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. (See <xref base="F16452619" href="../ifrs13/IFRS13_TOC.dita#IFRS13_TOC0001" id="IAS20_X0025">IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph></xref>.)</p></body></paragraph>