<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS33_5" base="SL31682" principles="yes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">5</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 33" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="5" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body outputclass="bold" class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS33_P0017" class="- topic/p ">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings specified: </p><p id="IAS33_P0018" base="SL148099" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Antidilution</i> is an increase in earnings per share or a reduction in loss per share resulting from the assumption that convertible instruments are converted, that options or warrants are exercised, or that ordinary shares are issued upon the satisfaction of specified conditions.</p><p id="IAS33_P0019" base="SL148100" class="- topic/p ">A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">contingent share agreement</i> is an agreement to issue shares that is dependent on the satisfaction of specified conditions.</p><p id="IAS33_P0020" base="SL148101" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contingently issuable ordinary shares</i> are ordinary shares issuable for little or no cash or other consideration upon the satisfaction of specified conditions in a contingent share agreement.</p><p id="IAS33_P0021" base="SL148102" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Dilution</i> is a reduction in earnings per share or an increase in loss per share resulting from the assumption that convertible instruments are converted, that options or warrants are exercised, or that ordinary shares are issued upon the satisfaction of specified conditions.</p><p id="IAS33_P0022" base="SL148103" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Options, warrants and their equivalents</i> are financial instruments that give the holder the right to purchase ordinary shares.</p><p id="IAS33_P0023" base="SL148104" class="- topic/p ">An <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ordinary share</i> is an equity instrument that is subordinate to all other classes of equity instruments.</p><p id="IAS33_P0024" base="SL148105" class="- topic/p ">A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">potential ordinary share</i> is a financial instrument or other contract that may entitle its holder to ordinary shares.</p><p id="IAS33_P0025" base="SL148106" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Put options</i> on ordinary shares are contracts that give the holder the right to sell ordinary shares at a specified price for a given period.</p></body></paragraph>