<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IAS10_6" base="SL29907" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>6</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 10"/><data name="paranum" value="6"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS10_P0023">In some cases, the management of an entity is required to issue its financial statements to a supervisory board (made up solely of non‑executives) for approval. In such cases, the financial statements are authorised for issue when the management authorises them for issue to the supervisory board. </p><table id="IAS10_TAB0002" base="SL15647655" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><thead><row><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left"> Example</entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry colname="C1" align="left"> <p id="IAS10_P0025" base="SL144459">On 18 March 20X2, the management of an entity authorises financial statements for issue to its supervisory board. The supervisory board is made up solely of non‑executives and may include representatives of employees and other outside interests. The supervisory board approves the financial statements on 26 March 20X2. The financial statements are made available to shareholders and others on 1 April 20X2. The shareholders approve the financial statements at their annual meeting on 15 May 20X2 and the financial statements are then filed with a regulatory body on 17 May 20X2.</p> <p id="IAS10_P0026" base="SL144460"><i>The financial statements are authorised for issue on 18 March 20X2 (date of management authorisation for issue to the supervisory board).</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>