<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS15_29"><paranum>29</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 15"/><data name="paranum" value="29"/></prolog><body><variant id="IFRS15_29_V2" base="F49800981"> <p id="IFRS15_P0161">In assessing whether an entity&#x2019;s promises to transfer goods or services to the <xref base="F31716740" href="IFRS15_APPA.dita#IFRS15_APPA/IFRS15_P0502">customer<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_customer"/></ph></xref> are separately identifiable in accordance with <xref id="IFRS15_X0261" base="F51967015" href="IFRS15_27.dita#IFRS15_27/IFRS15_27_V2">paragraph 27(b)</xref>, the objective is to determine whether the nature of the promise, within the context of the <xref base="SL31717224" href="IFRS15_APPA.dita#IFRS15_APPA/IFRS15_P0498">contract<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0049"/></ph></xref>, is to transfer each of those goods or services individually or, instead, to transfer a combined item or items to which the promised goods or services are inputs. Factors that indicate that two or more promises to transfer goods or services to a customer are not separately identifiable include, but are not limited to, the following: </p> <ol id="IFRS15_L0020" base="F49800985" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P0162" base="F49800987">the entity provides a significant service of integrating the goods or services with other goods or services promised in the contract into a bundle of goods or services that represent the combined output or outputs for which the customer has contracted. In other words, the entity is using the goods or services as inputs to produce or deliver the combined output or outputs specified by the customer. A combined output or outputs might include more than one phase, element or unit. </p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P0163" base="F49800992">one or more of the goods or services significantly modifies or customises, or are significantly modified or customised by, one or more of the other goods or services promised in the contract. </p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS15_P0164" base="F49800998">the goods or services are highly interdependent or highly interrelated. In other words, each of the goods or services is significantly affected by one or more of the other goods or services in the contract. For example, in some cases, two or more goods or services are significantly affected by each other because the entity would not be able to fulfil its promise by transferring each of the goods or services independently. </p></li></ol></variant></body></paragraph>