<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd">
<topic id="IFRS15_edu_footnotes"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv>  <fn base="IFRS15_25" id="EDUFN-ad2019-january-ap3_IFRS15">                  <p>The Committee received a request about the recognition of revenue by a stock exchange           that provides a listing service to a customer. Specifically, the request asked whether the           stock exchange promises to transfer an admission service that is distinct from the listing           service. In the fact pattern described in the request, the stock exchange charges the           customer a non-refundable upfront fee on initial listing and an ongoing listing fee. The           upfront fee relates to activities the stock exchange undertakes at or near contract           inception.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Paragraph 22 of IFRS 15 requires an entity to assess the           goods or services promised in a contract with a customer and to identify performance           obligations. A performance obligation is a promise to transfer to the customer either:</p>         <ol><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct; or</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same and that have               the same pattern of transfer to the customer.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>In paragraph BC87 of IFRS 15, the Board noted that before an entity can identify its           performance obligations in a contract with a customer, the entity would first need to           identify all the promised goods or services in that contract.</p>         <p>Paragraph 25 of IFRS 15 specifies that performance obligations do not include activities           that an entity must undertake to fulfil a contract unless those activities transfer a good           or service to a customer.</p>         <p>Paragraph B49 of IFRS 15 states that to identify performance obligations in contracts in           which an entity charges a non-refundable upfront fee, the entity assesses whether the fee           relates to the transfer of a promised good or service. In many cases, even though a           non-refundable upfront fee relates to an activity that the entity is required to undertake           at or near contract inception to fulfil the contract, that activity does not result in the           transfer of a promised good or service to the customer.</p>         <p>Accordingly, the Committee noted that when an entity charges a customer a non-refundable           upfront fee, the entity considers whether it transfers a promised good or service to the           customer at or near contract inception or, instead, for example, whether any activities it           performs at or near contract inception represent tasks to set up a contract.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Application of IFRS 15 to the fact           pattern in the request</p>         <p>The assessment of the goods and services promised in a contract and the identification of           performance obligations requires an assessment of the facts and circumstances of the           contract.</p>         <p>Accordingly, the outcome of an entity&#x2019;s assessment depends on those facts and           circumstances.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><i>In the fact pattern described in the request, the stock             exchange charges the customer a non-refundable upfront fee and an ongoing listing fee.             The stock exchange undertakes various activities at or near contract inception to enable             admission to the exchange, such as:</i></p>         <ul><li>             <p><i>performing due diligence for new applications;</i></p>           </li><li>             <p><i>reviewing the customer&#x2019;s listing application (including assessing whether to                 accept the application);</i></p>           </li><li>             <p><i>issuing reference numbers and tickers for the new security;</i></p>           </li><li>             <p><i>processing the listing and admission to the market;</i></p>           </li><li>             <p><i>publishing the security on the order book; and</i></p>           </li><li>             <p><i>issuing the dealing notice on the admission date.</i></p>           </li></ul>         <p>The Committee observed that the activities performed by the entity at or near contract           inception are required to transfer the goods or services for which the customer has           contracted&#x2014;ie the service of being listed on the exchange. However, the entity&#x2019;s           performance of those activities does not transfer a service to the customer.</p>         <p>The Committee also observed that the listing service transferred to the customer is the           same on initial listing and on all subsequent days for which the customer remains           listed.</p>         <p>Based on the fact pattern described in the request, the Committee concluded that the           stock exchange does not promise to transfer any good or service to the customer other than           the service of being listed on the exchange.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS 15 provide an           adequate basis for an entity to assess the promised goods and services in a contract with           a customer. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this matter to its           standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>  <fn base="IFRS15_35" id="IFRS15_EDUFN0001">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS15_35_EDUFN0001">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2018,           Agenda Decision, &#x2018;Revenue recognition in a real estate contract (IFRS 15 <i>Revenue from             Contracts with Customers</i>)&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Committee received a request about revenue recognition in a contract for the sale of           a unit in a residential multi-unit complex. Specifically, the request asked about the           application of paragraph 35 of IFRS 15, which specifies when an entity recognises revenue           over time.</p>         <p>&#x2026;</p>         <p><xref base="XIFRS15_35_EDUFN0001" href="../ifrs15-edu-ifric-updates/IFRS15-IFRIC-UPDATE-Mar2018.dita" scope="local">The             text of the full Agenda Decision is reproduced at the end of IFRS 15.</xref>]</p>       </fn>  <fn base="IFRS15_27_and_35" id="IFRS15_EDUFN0002">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2018, Agenda Decision, &#x2018;Revenue           recognition in a real estate contract that includes the transfer of land (IFRS             15 <i>Revenue from Contracts with Customers</i>)&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Committee received a request about revenue recognition in a contract for the sale of           land and a building to be constructed on the land. Specifically, the request asked (a)           about the identification of performance obligations in the contract and (b) for each           performance obligation identified, whether the real estate developer (entity) recognises           revenue over time or at a point in time.</p>         <p>&#x2026;</p>         <p><xref base="XIFRS15_EDUFN0002" href="../ifrs15-edu-ifric-updates/IFRS15-IFRIC-UPDATE-Mar2018.dita" scope="local">The             text of the full Agenda Decision is reproduced at the end of IFRS 15.</xref>]</p>       </fn>  <fn base="IFRS15_35" id="IFRS15_EDUFN0003">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS15_35_EDUFN0003">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2018,           Agenda Decision, &#x2018;Right to payment for performance completed to date (IFRS 15 <i>Revenue             from Contracts with Customers</i>)&#x2019;</p>         <p>The Committee received a request about whether to recognise revenue over time or at a           point in time in relation to a contract for the sale of a unit in a residential multi-unit           complex (real estate unit). Specifically, the request asked whether, in the fact pattern           described in the request, the real estate developer (entity) has an enforceable right to           payment for performance completed to date as described in paragraph 35(c) of IFRS 15.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Applying paragraph 35(c), an entity recognises revenue over           time if (i) the asset created by an entity&#x2019;s performance does not have an alternative use           to the entity; and (ii) the entity has an enforceable right to payment for performance           completed to date. The underlying objective of the criterion in paragraph 35(c) is to           determine whether the entity transfers control of goods or services to the customer as an           asset is being created for that customer (paragraph BC143).</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Paragraph 37 states that, to have an enforceable right to           payment, at all times throughout the duration of the contract, the entity must be entitled           to an amount that at least compensates the entity for performance completed to date if the           contract is terminated by the customer or another party for reasons other than the           entity&#x2019;s failure to perform as promised.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Paragraph B9 states that an amount that would compensate an           entity for performance completed to date would be an amount that approximates the selling           price of the goods or services transferred to date, rather than compensation for only the           entity&#x2019;s potential loss of profit if the contract were to be terminated.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that it is the payment the entity is entitled to receive under the           contract with the customer relating to performance under that contract that is relevant in           determining whether the entity has an enforceable right to payment for performance           completed to date.</p>         <p>The Committee has also included explanatory information about the application of           paragraph 35(c) to real estate contracts in its Agenda decision &#x2018;<i>Revenue Recognition in             a Real Estate Contract</i>&#x2019; published in March 2018.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><i>Application of paragraph 35(c) to the fact pattern in the             request</i></p>         <p>The assessment of whether an entity has an enforceable right to payment for performance           completed to date requires an entity to consider the rights and obligations created by the           contract, taking into account the legal environment within which the contract is           enforceable. Accordingly, the Committee observed that the outcome of an entity&#x2019;s           assessment depends on the particular facts and circumstances of the contract.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><i>In the fact pattern described in the request, the             contract includes the following features:</i></p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p><i>the entity and the customer enter into a contract for the sale of a real estate                 unit in a residential multi-unit complex before the entity constructs the unit. The                 entity&#x2019;s obligation under the contract is to construct and deliver the real estate                 unit as specified in the contract. The entity retains legal title to the real estate                 unit (and any land attributed to it) until the customer has paid the purchase price                 after construction is complete.</i></p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p><i>the customer pays 10% of the purchase price for the real estate unit at contract                 inception, and pays the remainder after construction is complete.</i></p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p><i>the customer has the right to cancel the contract at any time before construction                 is complete. If the customer cancels the contract, the entity is legally required to                 make reasonable efforts to resell the real estate unit to a third party. On resale,                 the entity enters into a new contract with the third party&#x2014;ie the original contract                 is not novated to the third party. If the resale price to be obtained from the third                 party is less than the original purchase price (plus selling costs), the customer is                 legally obliged to pay the difference to the entity.</i></p>           </li></ol>         <p><i>It is assumed that the entity identifies a single performance obligation applying             paragraphs 22-30. It is also assumed that (i) the entity has determined that the             contract does not meet the criteria in paragraphs 35(a) and 35(b); and (ii) the contract             meets the first part of the criterion in paragraph 35(c) because the entity&#x2019;s             performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the entity.</i></p>         <p>The Committee observed that the principle in paragraph 31 of IFRS 15 for the recognition           of revenue requires the customer to have obtained control of a promised good or service.           Accordingly and as noted above, the underlying objective of the criterion in paragraph           35(c) is to determine whether the entity is transferring control of goods or services to           the customer as an asset is being created for that customer. In line with this objective,           it is the payment the entity is entitled to receive under the existing contract with the           customer relating to performance under that contract that is relevant in determining           whether the entity has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.           The consideration received by the entity from the third party in the resale contract is           consideration relating to that resale contract&#x2014;it is not payment for performance under the           existing contract with the customer.</p>         <p>In the fact pattern described in the request, the payment to which the entity has a right           under the existing contract with the customer is a payment for the difference between the           resale price of the unit, if any, and its original purchase price (plus selling costs).           That payment does not at all times throughout the duration of the contract entitle the           entity to an amount that at least approximates the selling price of the part-constructed           real estate unit and, thus, it does not compensate the entity for performance completed to           date. Accordingly, the entity does not have an enforceable right to payment for           performance completed to date as described in paragraph 35(c) of IFRS 15.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">Based on the fact pattern described in the request, the           Committee concluded that none of the criteria in paragraph 35 of IFRS 15 are met.           Accordingly, the entity would recognise revenue at a point in time applying paragraph 38           of IFRS 15.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS 15 provide an           adequate basis for an entity to determine whether it has an enforceable right to payment           for performance completed to date. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this           matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>  <fn base="IFRS15_51" id="EDUFN-ad2019-september-ap5_IFRS15">                  <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about an airline&#x2019;s           obligation to compensate customers for delayed or cancelled flights. In the fact pattern           described in the request:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>legislation gives a flight passenger (customer) the right to be compensated by the               flight provider (entity) for delays and cancellations subject to specified conditions               in the legislation. The legislation stipulates the amount of compensation, which is               unrelated to the amount the customer pays for a flight.</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>the legislation creates enforceable rights and obligations, and forms part of the               terms of a contract between the entity and a customer.</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p>applying IFRS 15 to a contract with a customer, the entity identifies as a               performance obligation its promise to transfer a flight service to the customer.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>The request asked whether the entity accounts for its obligation to compensate customers           either: (a) as variable consideration applying paragraphs 50&#x2013;59 of IFRS 15; or (b)             applying <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               37</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and               Contingent Assets</ph></ph>, separately from its performance obligation to transfer a           flight service to the customer.</p>         <p>Paragraph 47 of IFRS 15 requires an entity to &#x2018;consider the terms of the contract and its           customary business practices in determining the transaction price. The transaction price           is the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for           transferring promised goods or services to a customer&#x2026;The consideration promised in a           contract with a customer may include fixed amounts, variable amounts, or both&#x2019;. Paragraph           51 of IFRS 15 lists examples of common types of variable consideration&#x2014;&#x2018;discounts,           rebates, refunds, credits, price concessions, incentives, performance bonuses, penalties           or other similar items&#x2019;.</p>         <p>Paragraph B33 of IFRS 15 specifies requirements for an entity&#x2019;s obligation to pay           compensation to a customer if its products cause harm or damage. An entity accounts for           such an obligation applying IAS 37, separately from its performance obligation in the           contract with the customer.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that, in the fact pattern described in the request, the entity           promises to transport the customer from one specified location to another within a           specified time period after the scheduled flight time. If the entity fails to do so, the           customer is entitled to compensation. Accordingly, any compensation for delays or           cancellations forms part of the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled           in exchange for transferring the promised service to the customer; it does not represent           compensation for harm or damage caused by the entity&#x2019;s products as described in paragraph           B33. The fact that legislation, rather than the contract, stipulates the compensation           payable does not affect the entity&#x2019;s determination of the transaction price&#x2014;the           compensation gives rise to variable consideration in the same way that penalties for           delayed transfer of an asset give rise to variable consideration as illustrated in Example           20 of the Illustrative Examples accompanying IFRS 15.</p>         <p>Consequently, the Committee concluded that compensation for delays or cancellations, as           described in the request, is variable consideration in the contract. Accordingly, the           entity applies the requirements in paragraphs 50&#x2013;59 of IFRS 15 in accounting for its           obligation to compensate customers for delays or cancellations. The Committee did not           consider the question of whether the amount of compensation recognised as a reduction of           revenue is limited to reducing the transaction price to nil.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS 15 provide an           adequate basis for an entity to determine its accounting for obligations to compensate           customers for delays or cancellations. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add the           matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IFRS15_95" id="EDUFN-ad2020-march-ap5_IFRS15">                  <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about training costs           incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer. In the fact pattern described in the           request:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>an entity enters into a contract with a customer that is within the scope of IFRS 15.               The contract is for the supply of outsourced services.</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>to be able to provide the services to the customer, the entity incurs costs to train               its employees so that they understand the customer&#x2019;s equipment and processes. The               training costs are as described in paragraph 15 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 38</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Intangible Assets</ph></ph>&#x2014;the entity has insufficient control over the expected               future economic benefits arising from the training to meet the definition of an               intangible asset because employees can leave the entity&#x2019;s employment. Applying IFRS               15, the entity does not identify the training activities as a performance               obligation.</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p>the contract permits the entity to charge to the customer the costs of training (i)               the entity&#x2019;s employees at the beginning of the contract, and (ii) new employees that               the entity hires as a result of any expansion of the customer&#x2019;s operations.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>The request asked whether the entity recognises the training costs as an asset or an           expense when incurred.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Which IFRS Standard applies to the           training costs?</p>         <p>Paragraph 95 of IFRS 15 requires an entity to recognise an asset from the costs incurred           to fulfil a contract with a customer if the costs are not within the scope of another IFRS           Standard, and only if those costs meet all three criteria specified in paragraph 95.           Consequently, before assessing the criteria in paragraph 95, the entity first considers           whether the training costs incurred to fulfil the contract are within the scope of another           IFRS Standard.</p>         <p>Paragraphs 2&#x2013;7 of IAS 38 describe the scope of that Standard&#x2014;paragraph 5 explicitly           includes expenditure on training within IAS 38&#x2019;s scope, stating that IAS 38 &#x2018;applies to,           among other things, expenditure on advertising, training, start-up, research and           development activities&#x2019;. Accordingly, the Committee concluded that, in the fact pattern           described in the request, the entity applies IAS 38 in accounting for the training costs           incurred to fulfil the contract with the customer.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Application of IAS 38</p>         <p>Paragraph 69(b) of IAS 38 includes expenditure on training activities as an example of           expenditure that is incurred &#x2018;to provide future economic benefits to an entity, but no           intangible asset or other asset is acquired or created that can be recognised&#x2019;.           Consequently, paragraph 69 states that such expenditure on training activities is           recognised as an expense when incurred. Paragraph 15 of IAS 38 explains that &#x2018;an entity           usually has insufficient control over the expected future economic benefits arising from a           team of skilled staff and from training for these items to meet the definition of an           intangible asset&#x2019;.</p>         <p>In addition, in explaining the requirements in IFRS 15 regarding costs to fulfil a           contract, paragraph BC307 of IFRS 15 states that &#x2018;if the other Standards preclude the           recognition of any asset arising from a particular cost, an asset cannot then be           recognised under IFRS 15&#x2019;.</p>         <p>Accordingly, the Committee concluded that, in the fact pattern described in the request,           the entity recognises the training costs to fulfil the contract with the customer as an           expense when incurred. The Committee noted that the entity&#x2019;s ability to charge to the           customer the costs of training does not affect that conclusion.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS 15 and IAS 38           provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine its accounting for training costs           incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer. Consequently, the Committee decided not to           add the matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>  <fn base="IFRS15_95" id="EDUFN-ad2019-june-ap10_IFRS15">                  <p>The Committee received a request about the recognition of costs incurred to fulfil a           contract as an entity satisfies a performance obligation in the contract over time. In the           fact pattern described in the request, the entity (a) transfers control of a good over           time (ie one (or more) of the criteria in paragraph 35 of IFRS 15 is met) and, therefore,           satisfies a performance obligation and recognises revenue over time; and (b) measures           progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation using an output           method applying paragraphs 39&#x2013;43 of IFRS 15. The entity incurs costs in constructing the           good. At the reporting date, the costs incurred relate to construction work performed on           the good that is transferring to the customer as the good is being constructed.</p>         <p>The Committee first noted the principles and requirements in IFRS 15 relating to the           measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation           satisfied over time. Paragraph 39 states that &#x2018;the objective when measuring progress is to           depict an entity&#x2019;s performance in transferring control of goods or services promised to a           customer&#x2019;. The Committee also observed that when evaluating whether to apply an output           method to measure progress, paragraph B15 requires an entity to &#x2018;consider whether the           output selected would faithfully depict the entity&#x2019;s performance towards complete           satisfaction of the performance obligation&#x2019;.</p>         <p>In considering the recognition of costs, the Committee noted that paragraph 98(c) of IFRS           15 requires an entity to recognise as expenses when incurred &#x2018;costs that relate to           satisfied performance obligations (or partially satisfied performance obligations) in the           contract (ie costs that relate to past performance)&#x2019;.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that the costs of construction described in the request are costs           that relate to the partially satisfied performance obligation in the contract&#x2014;ie they are           costs that relate to the entity&#x2019;s past performance. Those costs do not, therefore,           generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in continuing to satisfy the           performance obligation in the future (paragraph 95(b)). Consequently, those costs do not           meet the criteria in paragraph 95 of IFRS 15 to be recognised as an asset. </p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an           adequate basis for an entity to determine how to recognise costs incurred in fulfilling a           contract in the fact pattern described in the request. Consequently, the Committee decided           not to add the matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IFRS15_B34A" id="EDUFN-ad2022-april-ifrs15">         <p>The Committee received a request asking whether, in applying IFRS 15, a reseller of           software licences is a principal or agent. In the fact pattern described in the           request:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the reseller has a distribution agreement with a software               manufacturer that:</p>             <ol type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>i.</li_value><p>gives the reseller the right to grant (sell) the                   manufacturer&#x2019;s standard software licences to customers;</p></li><li><li_value>ii.</li_value><p>requires the reseller to provide pre-sales advice to                   each customer&#x2014;before the sale of the software licences&#x2014;to identify the type and                   number of software licences that would meet the customer&#x2019;s needs; and</p></li><li><li_value>iii.</li_value><p>provides the reseller with discretion in pricing the                   software licences for sale to customers.</p></li></ol>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>if the customer decides:</p>             <ol type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>i.</li_value><p>to buy no software licences, it pays nothing. The                   reseller and the customer do not enter into an agreement.</p></li><li><li_value>ii.</li_value><p>to buy a specified type and number of software                   licences, the reseller negotiates the selling price with the customer, places an                   order with the software manufacturer on behalf of the customer (and pays the                   manufacturer), and invoices the customer for the agreed price.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>the software manufacturer provides the customer with the               software licences ordered&#x2014;issued in the customer&#x2019;s name&#x2014;via a software portal and with               the key necessary for activation. The software manufacturer and the customer enter               into an agreement specifying the customer&#x2019;s right to use the software, a warranty               covering the software&#x2019;s functionality and the term of the licence.</p></li><li><li_value>d.</li_value><p>if the reseller advises the customer to order an incorrect               type or number of software licences (that fails to meet the customer&#x2019;s needs), the               customer may not accept the licences. The reseller is unable to return unaccepted               licences to the software manufacturer or sell them to another customer.</p></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Applicable requirements in IFRS           15&#x2014;Principal versus agent considerations</p>         <p>Paragraphs B34&#x2013;B38 set out a framework to determine whether an entity is a principal or           agent. When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, an           entity determines whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide           the specified goods or services itself (the entity is a principal) or to arrange for those           goods or services to be provided by the other party (the entity is an agent).</p>         <p>Paragraph B34A states that determining the nature of its promise requires an entity           to:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>identify the specified goods or services to be provided to               the customer. A specified good or service is a distinct good or service (or a distinct               bundle of goods or services) to be provided to the customer (paragraph B34);             and</p></li><li><li_value>b. </li_value><p>assess whether it controls each specified good or service               before that good or service is transferred to the customer.</p></li></ol>         <p>An entity is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or           service is transferred to a customer (paragraph B35). An entity that is an agent does not           control the specified good or service provided by another party before that good or           service is transferred to the customer (paragraph B36).</p>         <p><i>Identifying the specified goods or services to be provided to the customer</i></p>         <p>The first step in identifying the specified goods or services to be provided to the           customer is to assess the goods or services promised in the contract with the customer. A           contract with a customer generally explicitly states the goods or services that an entity           promises to provide to a customer. However, the contract may also include promises that           are implied by an entity&#x2019;s customary business practices, published policies or specific           statements if, at the time of entering into the contract, those promises create a valid           expectation of the customer that the entity will transfer a good or service to the           customer (paragraph 24).</p>         <p>Having assessed the goods or services promised in the contract with the customer, an           entity then identifies&#x2014;applying paragraphs 27&#x2013;30&#x2014;each distinct good or service (or           distinct bundle of goods or services) to be provided to the customer.</p>         <p><i>Assessing whether an entity controls each specified good or service before that good             or service is transferred to the customer</i></p>         <p>When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, paragraph           B35A sets out the circumstances in which an entity is a principal&#x2014;one of which is when the           entity obtains control of a good or another asset from the other party that it then           transfers to the customer. Control of an asset refers to the ability to direct the use of,           and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the asset; control includes           the ability to prevent other entities from directing the use of, and obtaining the           benefits from, an asset (paragraph 33).</p>         <p>Paragraph B37 sets out indicators to help an entity determine whether it is a principal           or agent. Such indicators include, but are not limited to: (a) primary responsibility for           fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service; (b) inventory risk before           the specified good or service has been transferred to the customer or after transfer of           control to the customer; and (c) discretion in establishing the price for the specified           good or service. The indicators may be more or less relevant to the assessment of control           depending on the nature of the specified good or service and the terms and conditions of           the contract, and different indicators may provide more persuasive evidence in different           contracts (paragraph B37A).</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Applying IFRS 15 to the fact pattern           described in the request</p>         <p><i>Identifying the specified goods or services to be provided to the customer</i></p>         <p>In the fact pattern described in the request, the reseller&#x2019;s contract with the customer           includes an explicit promise to provide a specified type and number of standard software           licences to the customer.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that the pre-sales advice the reseller provides&#x2014;under the           distribution agreement between the software manufacturer and the reseller&#x2014;is not an           implicit promise in the contract with the customer. At the time of entering into the           contract with the customer, the reseller has already provided the advice. There is no           further advice to be provided by the reseller and the advice already provided will not be           transferred to the customer after contract inception. Consequently, at the time of           entering into the contract with the customer, there is no valid expectation of the           customer that the reseller will transfer a good or service to the customer other than the           standard software licences.</p>         <p>Accordingly, the Committee concluded that, in the fact pattern described in the request,           the promised goods in the reseller&#x2019;s contract with the customer are the standard software           licences. Because the standard software licences are the only promised goods in the           contract with the customer, they are distinct goods to be provided to the customer. Those           licences are therefore the specified goods to be provided to the customer as described in           paragraph B34A(a).</p>         <p><i>Assessing whether the reseller controls the standard software licences before they are             transferred to the customer</i></p>         <p>In the fact pattern described in the request, the reseller assesses whether it obtains           control of the standard software licences from the software manufacturer before they are           transferred to the customer. That assessment of control requires consideration of the           specific facts and circumstances, which include the terms and conditions of the contracts           between the reseller and the customer, the reseller and the software manufacturer, and the           software manufacturer and the customer.</p>         <p>If&#x2014;after applying the principles and requirements on control in IFRS 15&#x2014;it is unclear           whether the reseller is a principal or agent, the reseller considers the indicators in           paragraph B37 in assessing whether it obtains control of the standard software licences           from the software manufacturer before they are transferred to the customer. In the fact           pattern described in the request, the Committee observed that:</p>         <ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>the software licences provided to the customer exist only               after the reseller places an order with the software manufacturer and the software               manufacturer issues the software licences in the customer&#x2019;s name. The software               manufacturer is responsible for the software&#x2019;s functionality, as well as for issuing               and activating the licences. The software manufacturer is therefore responsible in               those respects for fulfilling the promise to provide the licences to the customer               (paragraph B37(a)).</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>the reseller is the party that engages with the customer               before and after the software licences are provided to the customer, taking               responsibility for the unaccepted licences. The reseller is therefore responsible in               those respects for fulfilling the promise to provide the licences to the customer               (paragraph B37(a)).</p></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>the reseller does not obtain a pool of software licences               before entering into the contract with the customer and cannot, for example, direct               the software licences to another customer. The reseller therefore has no inventory               risk before the licences are provided to the customer but then has inventory risk               until the customer accepts the licences (paragraph B37(b)).</p></li><li><li_value>d.</li_value><p>the reseller has discretion in establishing the price for               the software licences (paragraph B37(c)). Pricing discretion may be less relevant to               the assessment of control if, for example, the market for the software licences is               such that the reseller, in effect, has limited flexibility in establishing the               price.</p></li></ol>         <p>The Committee observed that the conclusion as to whether the reseller is a principal or           agent depends on the specific facts and circumstances, including the terms and conditions           of the relevant contracts. The reseller would apply judgement in making its overall           assessment of whether it is a principal or agent&#x2014;including considering the relevance of           the indicators to the assessment of control and the degree to which they provide evidence           of control of the standard software licences before they are transferred to the           customer&#x2014;within the context of the framework and requirements set out in paragraphs           B34&#x2013;B38 of IFRS 15.</p>         <p>The Committee also observed that the reseller would disclose (a) material accounting           policy information in accordance with <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, and (b)           information required by IFRS 15, including about its performance obligations (paragraph           119) and the judgements made in applying IFRS 15 that significantly affect the           determination of the amount and timing of revenue from contracts with customers (paragraph           123).</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Accounting Standards           provide an adequate basis for a reseller to determine whether&#x2014;in the fact pattern           described in the request&#x2014;it is a principal or agent for the standard software licences           provided to a customer. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting           project to the work plan.]</p>       </fn>     </bodydiv></body></topic>