<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE glossentry PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Glossary Entry//EN" "ifrsGlossentry.dtd"><glossentry xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="GLOSSARY_DI0325" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic concept/concept glossentry/glossentry "><glossterm base="SL60802" id="GLOSSARY_TE0376" class="- topic/title concept/title glossentry/glossterm ">related party</glossterm><glossdef class="- topic/abstract concept/abstract glossentry/glossdef "> <p base="SL139314" id="GLOSSARY_P0978" class="- topic/p ">A person or entity that is related to the entity that is preparing its financial statements (in IAS 24 referred to as the ‘reporting entity’).</p> <ol outputclass="static" base="F13758304" id="GLOSSARY_L0081" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p base="F13758305" id="GLOSSARY_P0979" class="- topic/p ">A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to a reporting entity if that person:</p> <ol outputclass="static" base="F13758307" id="GLOSSARY_L0082" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p base="F13758308" id="GLOSSARY_P0980" class="- topic/p ">has control or joint control over the reporting entity;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p base="F13758310" id="GLOSSARY_P0981" class="- topic/p ">has significant influence over the reporting entity; or</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value> <p base="F13758327" id="GLOSSARY_P0982" class="- topic/p ">is a member of the key management personnel of the reporting entity or of a parent of the reporting entity.</p></li></ol></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p base="F13758329" id="GLOSSARY_P0983" class="- topic/p ">An entity is related to a reporting entity if any of the following conditions applies:</p> <ol outputclass="static" base="F13758331" id="GLOSSARY_L0083" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p base="F13758332" id="GLOSSARY_P0984" class="- topic/p ">The entity and the reporting entity are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p base="F13758334" id="GLOSSARY_P0985" class="- topic/p ">One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value> <p base="F13758336" id="GLOSSARY_P0986" class="- topic/p ">Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iv)</li_value> <p base="F13758339" id="GLOSSARY_P0987" class="- topic/p ">One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(v)</li_value> <p base="F13758341" id="GLOSSARY_P0988" class="- topic/p ">The entity is a post‑employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the reporting entity or an entity related to the reporting entity. If the reporting entity is itself such a plan, the sponsoring employers are also related to the reporting entity.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(vi)</li_value> <p base="F13758343" id="GLOSSARY_P0989" class="- topic/p ">The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(vii)</li_value> <p base="F13758345" id="GLOSSARY_P0990" class="- topic/p ">A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(viii)</li_value> <p base="SL30127344" id="GLOSSARY_P0991" class="- topic/p ">The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the reporting entity or to the parent of the reporting entity.</p></li></ol></li></ol></glossdef><related-links class="- topic/related-links "><linklist id="GLOSSARY_P0992" class="- topic/linklist "><link href="../ias24/IAS24_9.dita#IAS24_9" base="F28097767" id="GLOSSARY_X0504" class="- topic/link "><linktext class="- topic/linktext ">IAS 24.9</linktext></link></linklist></related-links></glossentry>