<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="d5e18727"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IAS12_FN0006">       <p id="IAS12_P2565">Under this analysis, there is no taxable temporary difference. An         alternative analysis is that the accrued dividends receivable have a tax base of nil and         that a tax rate of nil is applied to the resulting taxable temporary difference of 100.         Under both analyses, there is no deferred tax liability.</p></fn><fn id="IAS12_FN0007">           <p id="IAS12_P2566">Under this analysis, there is no deductible temporary difference. An             alternative analysis is that the accrued fines and penalties payable have a tax base of             nil and that a tax rate of nil is applied to the resulting deductible temporary difference             of 100. Under both analyses, there is no deferred tax asset.</p></fn><fn id="IAS12_FN0030">               <p id="IAS12_P2623"><xref id="IAS12_X0672" base="SL176438" href="IAS12_91.dita#IAS12_91">Paragraph 91</xref> refers to &#x2018;annual financial statements&#x2019; in line with                 more explicit language for writing effective dates adopted in 1998. <xref id="IAS12_X0673" base="SL176439" href="IAS12_89.dita#IAS12_89">Paragraph 89</xref> refers to                 &#x2018;financial statements&#x2019;.</p></fn><fn id="IAS12_FN0031">                   <p id="IAS12_P2624">The tax base of the employee services received is based on the intrinsic                     value of the options, and those options were granted for three years&#x2019; services.                     Because only one year&#x2019;s services have been received to date, it is necessary to                     multiply the option&#x2019;s intrinsic value by one&#x2011;third to arrive at the tax base                     of the employee services received in year 1.</p></fn><fn id="IAS12_FN0032">                       <p id="IAS12_P2625">IFRS&#xa0;9 replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously                         within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p></fn>       <fn id="IAS12_IE_FN0001">         <p>Depending on the applicable tax law, an entity might alternatively conclude that the tax           deductions it will receive for lease payments relate to the lease asset, in which case           temporary differences would not arise on initial recognition of the lease liability and           the related component of the lease asset&#x2019;s cost. Accordingly, the entity would not           recognise deferred tax on initial recognition but would do so if and when temporary           differences arise after initial recognition.</p>       </fn>       <fn id="IAS12_FN0033">         <p id="IAS12_P2626">IASC&#x2019;s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of           Financial Statements</ph></ph> was adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the           IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial               Reporting</ph></ph>.</p></fn><fn id="IAS12_FN0034">                 <p id="IAS12_P2627">The reference is to the IASC&#x2019;s <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of                   Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the                   SIC discussed this matter.</p></fn><fn id="IAS12_FN0035">                     <p id="IAS12_P2628">IFRS&#xa0;9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that                       were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39. Under IFRS&#xa0;9, the same question arises for                       debt instruments measured at fair value.</p></fn></bodydiv></body></topic>