<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F60792727" id="PS2_71"><paranum>71</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2"/><data name="paranum" value="71"/></prolog><body><p id="PS2_P0259">Except to the extent required to comply with any local laws or regulations             affecting the preparation of financial statements or their audit,  an entity does not automatically             reproduce in the current&#x2011;period financial statements all the information provided in the             prior&#x2011;period financial statements. Instead, the entity may summarise prior&#x2011;period             information, retaining the information necessary for primary users to understand the             current&#x2011;period financial statements.</p><table base="SL60792752" frame="all" id="PS2_TAB0014" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="0" colwidth="10*" rowsep="0"/><tbody><row keep_together="3"><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1"> <p id="PS2_P0260" typeface="sansserif"><b>Example M&#x2014;summarising prior&#x2011;period information</b></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p base="SL60792755" id="PS2_P0261"><b>Background</b></p> <p base="SL60792758" id="PS2_P0262">An entity disclosed, in the prior&#x2011;period financial statements, details of a legal dispute which led to the recognition, in that period, of a provision. In accordance with <xref base="F62009489" href="../ias37/IAS37_TOC.dita#IAS37_TOC0001" id="PS2_X0127"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 37</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph></xref> the entity disclosed in the prior&#x2011;period financial statements a detailed description of uncertainties about the amount and timing of possible cash outflows, in respect of the dispute, together with the major assumptions made concerning future events.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p base="F60792761" id="PS2_P0263">Most of the uncertainties have been resolved in the current period, and, even though the liability has not been settled, a court pronouncement confirmed the amount already recognised in the financial statements by the entity.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p base="F60792767" id="PS2_P0264">The entity considered the relevant local laws, regulations and other reporting requirements and concluded that there were no locally prescribed obligations relating to the inclusion of prior&#x2011;period information in the current&#x2011;period financial statements.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p base="SL60792763" id="PS2_P0265"><b>Application</b></p> <p base="SL60792766" id="PS2_P0266">In these circumstances, on the basis of the requirements in IFRS Standards, the entity may not need to reproduce in the current&#x2011;period financial statements all of the information about the legal dispute provided in the prior&#x2011;period financial statements. Because most of the uncertainties have been resolved, users of the financial statements for the current period may no longer need detailed information about those uncertainties. Instead, information about those uncertainties might be summarised and updated to reflect the current&#x2011;period events and circumstances and the resolution of previously reported uncertainties.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>