<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="PS2_76" base="F60792779"><paranum>76</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS Practice Statement 2"/><data name="paranum" value="76"/></prolog><body><p id="PS2_P0273">If an error is judged not to be material on its own, it might be regarded as material when considered in combination with other information. However, in general, if an error is individually assessed as material to an entity&#x2019;s financial statements, the existence of other errors that affect the entity&#x2019;s financial position, financial performance or cash flows in the opposite way, does not make the error immaterial, nor does it eliminate the need to correct the error. </p><table id="PS2_TAB0015" base="SL60792788" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="10*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><tbody><row keep_together="1"><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1"> <p id="PS2_P0274" typeface="sansserif"><b>Example N&#x2014;individual and collective assessment of errors</b></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0275" base="SL60792791"><b>Background</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0276" base="SL60792794">An entity has identified measures of its profitability as the measures of great interest to the primary users of its financial statements. During the current reporting period, the entity recognised:</p> <ol id="PS2_L0012" base="F60792782" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="PS2_P0277" base="F60792783">an expense accrual of CU100<xref keyref="footnotes/PS2_FN0053" type="fn"/> that should not have been recognised. The accrual affected the line item &#x2018;cost of services&#x2019;.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="PS2_P0278" base="F60792785">the reversal of a provision of CU80 recognised in the previous period that should not have been reversed. The reversal affected the line item &#x2018;other operating income (expense)&#x2019;.</p></li></ol></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0279" base="SL60792801"><b>Application</b></p> <p id="PS2_P0280" base="F60792786">In assessing whether these errors are material to its financial statements, the entity did not identify the presence of any qualitative factors  and thus made its materiality judgement solely from a quantitative perspective.  The entity concluded that both errors were individually material because of their impact on its profit.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="PS2_P0281" base="SL60792804">In these circumstances, it would be inappropriate to consider the quantitative effect of the errors on a net basis, ie as a CU20 overstatement of expenses, thereby concluding that the identified errors do not need to be corrected. If an error is individually assessed as material to the entity&#x2019;s financial statements, the existence of other errors that affect the entity&#x2019;s financial position, financial performance or cash flows in an opposite way, does not eliminate the need to correct it, or make the error immaterial.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>