<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS23_BC8" base="F3101494" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC8</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 23" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC8" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS23_P0195" class="- topic/p ">The Board proposed in the exposure draft to eliminate the option of immediate recognition as an expense. Many respondents disagreed with the Board’s proposal in the exposure draft, arguing that:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS23_L0010" base="F3101562" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS23_P0196" base="F3101563" class="- topic/p ">borrowing costs should not be the subject of a short‑term convergence project.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS23_P0197" base="F3101565" class="- topic/p ">the Board had not explored in sufficient detail the merits of both accounting options.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS23_P0198" base="F3101567" class="- topic/p ">the proposal did not result in benefits for users of financial statements because:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IAS23_L0011" base="F3101569" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS23_P0199" base="F3101580" class="- topic/p ">it addressed only one of the differences between IAS 23 and SFAS 34.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS23_P0200" base="F3101582" class="- topic/p ">comparability would not be enhanced because the capital structure of an entity could affect the cost of an asset.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value> <p id="IAS23_P0201" base="F3101584" class="- topic/p ">credit analysts reverse capitalised borrowing costs when calculating coverage ratios.</p></li></ol></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS23_P0202" base="F3101586" class="- topic/p ">the costs of implementing the capitalisation model in IAS 23 would be burdensome.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS23_P0203" base="F3101588" class="- topic/p ">the proposal was not consistent with the Board’s approach on other projects (in particular, the second phase of the Business Combinations project).</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>