<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="Edu_d5e2596" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Edu Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv ">        <fn base="IAS23_5" id="EDUFN_ad2019_march_ap3_IAS23" class="- topic/fn ">            <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about the capitalisation of borrowing costs in relation to the construction of a residential multi-unit real estate development (building).</p>     <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In the fact pattern described in the request:</p>     <ol outputclass="static" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>         <p class="- topic/p ">a real estate developer (entity) constructs the building and sells the individual units in the building to customers. </p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>         <p class="- topic/p ">the entity borrows funds specifically for the purpose of constructing the building and incurs borrowing costs in connection with that borrowing. </p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>         <p class="- topic/p ">before construction begins, the entity signs contracts with customers for the sale of some of the units in the building (sold units). </p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">d.</li_value>         <p class="- topic/p ">the entity intends to enter into contracts with customers for the remaining part-constructed units (unsold units) as soon as it finds suitable customers. </p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">e.</li_value>         <p class="- topic/p ">the terms of, and relevant facts and circumstances relating to, the entity’s contracts with customers (for both the sold and unsold units) are such that, applying paragraph 35(c) of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 15</ph><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph "> Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph>, the entity transfers control of each unit over time and, therefore, recognises revenue over time. The consideration promised by the customer in the contract is in the form of cash or another financial asset. </p>       </li></ol>     <p class="- topic/p ">The request asked whether the entity has a qualifying asset as defined in IAS 23 and, therefore, capitalises any directly attributable borrowing costs.</p>     <p class="- topic/p ">Applying paragraph 8 of IAS 23, an entity capitalises borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset as part of the cost of that asset. Paragraph 5 of IAS 23 defines a qualifying asset as ‘an asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale’.</p>     <p class="- topic/p ">Accordingly, the entity assesses whether, in the fact pattern described in the request, it recognises an asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale. Depending on the particular facts and circumstances, the entity might recognise a receivable, a contract asset and/or inventory.</p>     <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that, in the fact pattern described in the request:</p>     <ol outputclass="static" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>         <p class="- topic/p ">a receivable that the entity recognises is not a qualifying asset. Paragraph 7 of IAS 23 specifies that financial assets are not qualifying assets. </p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>         <p class="- topic/p ">a contract asset that the entity recognises is not a qualifying asset. The contract asset (as defined in Appendix A to IFRS 15) would represent the entity’s right to consideration that is conditioned on something other than the passage of time in exchange for transferring control of a unit. The intended use of the contract asset—to collect cash or another financial asset—is not a use for which it necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready. </p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>         <p class="- topic/p ">inventory (work-in-progress) for unsold units under construction that the entity recognises is not a qualifying asset. In the fact pattern described in the request, this asset is ready for its intended sale in its current condition—ie the entity intends to sell the part-constructed units as soon as it finds suitable customers and, on signing a contract with a customer, will transfer control of any work-in-progress relating to that unit to the customer. </p>       </li></ol>     <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IAS 23 provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine whether to capitalise borrowing costs in the fact pattern described in the request. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p></fn>       <fn base="IAS23_6" id="IAS23_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS23_P0263" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, January 2008, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 23</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Borrowing Costs</ph></ph> (as revised in 2007)—Foreign exchange and capitalisable borrowing costs’ </p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC received a request for guidance on which foreign exchange differences may be regarded as adjustments to interest costs for the purpose of applying IAS 23. IAS 23 states that ‘Borrowing costs may include…exchange differences arising from foreign currency borrowings <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">to the extent</i> that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs’ (emphasis added). The request asked for guidance both on the treatment of foreign exchange gains and losses and on the treatment of any derivatives used to hedge such foreign exchange exposures.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that the principle set out in paragraph 8 of IAS 23 states ‘an entity shall capitalise borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset as part of the cost of that asset.’ The IFRIC also noted that paragraph 11 states ‘the determination of the amount of borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of a qualifying asset is difficult and the exercise of judgement is required.’ Consequently, how an entity applies IAS 23 to foreign currency borrowings is a matter of accounting policy requiring the exercise of judgement. IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> requires clear disclosure of significant accounting policies and judgements that are relevant to an understanding of the financial statements.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that, notwithstanding the guidance in paragraphs 8 and 11 of IAS 23, the standard itself acknowledges that judgement will be required in its application and appropriate disclosure of accounting policies and judgements would provide users with the information they need to understand the financial statements. The IFRIC concluded that it was unnecessary to provide application guidance. The IFRIC also noted that, as part of its project to amend IAS 23, the Board specifically considered this issue and decided not to develop further guidance in this area. The IFRIC concluded that it should not develop guidance as the Board had already decided not to provide it.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC therefore decided not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS23_6" id="IAS23_FN0002" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS23_P0264" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, January 2008, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 23</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Borrowing Costs</ph></ph> (as revised in 2007)—Foreign exchange and capitalisable borrowing costs’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC received a request for guidance on which foreign exchange differences may be regarded as adjustments to interest costs for the purpose of applying IAS 23. IAS 23 states that ‘Borrowing costs may include…exchange differences arising from foreign currency borrowings <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">to the extent</i> that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs’ (emphasis added). The request asked for guidance both on the treatment of foreign exchange gains and losses and on the treatment of any derivatives used to hedge such foreign exchange exposures.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that the principle set out in paragraph 8 of IAS 23 states ‘an entity shall capitalise borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset as part of the cost of that asset.’ The IFRIC also noted that paragraph 11 states ‘the determination of the amount of borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of a qualifying asset is difficult and the exercise of judgement is required.’ Consequently, how an entity applies IAS 23 to foreign currency borrowings is a matter of accounting policy requiring the exercise of judgement. IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> requires clear disclosure of significant accounting policies and judgements that are relevant to an understanding of the financial statements.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that, notwithstanding the guidance in paragraphs 8 and 11 of IAS 23, the standard itself acknowledges that judgement will be required in its application and appropriate disclosure of accounting policies and judgements would provide users with the information they need to understand the financial statements. The IFRIC concluded that it was unnecessary to provide application guidance. The IFRIC also noted that, as part of its project to amend IAS 23, the Board specifically considered this issue and decided not to develop further guidance in this area. The IFRIC concluded that it should not develop guidance as the Board had already decided not to provide it.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC therefore decided not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS23_6" id="IAS23_FN0003" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS23_P0265" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, January 2008, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 23</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Borrowing Costs</ph></ph> (as revised in 2007)—Foreign exchange and capitalisable borrowing costs’ </p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC received a request for guidance on which foreign exchange differences may be regarded as adjustments to interest costs for the purpose of applying IAS 23. IAS 23 states that ‘Borrowing costs may include…exchange differences arising from foreign currency borrowings <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">to the extent</i> that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs’ (emphasis added). The request asked for guidance both on the treatment of foreign exchange gains and losses and on the treatment of any derivatives used to hedge such foreign exchange exposures.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that the principle set out in paragraph 8 of IAS 23 states ‘an entity shall capitalise borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset as part of the cost of that asset.’ The IFRIC also noted that paragraph 11 states ‘the determination of the amount of borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of a qualifying asset is difficult and the exercise of judgement is required.’ Consequently, how an entity applies IAS 23 to foreign currency borrowings is a matter of accounting policy requiring the exercise of judgement. IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> requires clear disclosure of significant accounting policies and judgements that are relevant to an understanding of the financial statements.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that, notwithstanding the guidance in paragraphs 8 and 11 of IAS 23, the standard itself acknowledges that judgement will be required in its application and appropriate disclosure of accounting policies and judgements would provide users with the information they need to understand the financial statements. The IFRIC concluded that it was unnecessary to provide application guidance. The IFRIC also noted that, as part of its project to amend IAS 23, the Board specifically considered this issue and decided not to develop further guidance in this area. The IFRIC concluded that it should not develop guidance as the Board had already decided not to provide it.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC therefore decided not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn id="IAS23_14_EDUFN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, September 2018, Agenda Decision, ‘Expenditures on a qualifying asset (<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 23</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Borrowing Costs</ph></ph>)’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation when an entity uses general borrowings to obtain a qualifying asset.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In the fact pattern described in the request:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.	</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">an entity constructs a qualifying asset;</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.	</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">the entity has no borrowings at the start of the construction of the qualifying asset. Partway through construction, it borrows funds generally and uses them to finance the construction of the qualifying asset; and</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.	</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">the entity incurs expenditures on the qualifying asset both before and after it incurs borrowing costs on the general borrowings.</p>         </li></ol>       <p class="- topic/p ">The request asked whether an entity includes expenditures on a qualifying asset incurred before obtaining general borrowings in determining the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee observed that an entity applies paragraph 17 of IAS 23 to determine the commencement date for capitalising borrowing costs. The paragraph requires an entity to begin capitalising borrowing costs when it meets all the following conditions:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.	</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">it incurs expenditures for the asset;</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">	it incurs borrowing costs; and</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.	</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">it undertakes activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale.</p>         </li></ol>       <p class="- topic/p ">Applying paragraph 17 of IAS 23 to the fact pattern described in the request, the entity would not begin capitalising borrowing costs until it incurs borrowing costs.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">Once the entity incurs borrowing costs and therefore satisfies all three conditions in paragraph 17 of IAS 23, it then applies paragraph 14 of IAS 23 to determine the expenditures on the qualifying asset to which it applies the capitalisation rate. The Committee observed that in doing so the entity does not disregard expenditures on the qualifying asset incurred before it obtains the general borrowings.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation in the fact pattern described in the request. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>  <fn id="IAS23_24_EDUFN0001" class="- topic/fn ">   <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, September 2018, Agenda Decision, ‘Borrowing costs on land (<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 23</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Borrowing Costs</ph></ph>)’</p>     <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about when an entity ceases capitalising borrowing costs on land.</p>     <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In the fact pattern described in the request:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">	an entity acquires and develops land and thereafter constructs a building on that land—the land represents the area on which the building will be constructed;</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">	both the land and the building meet the definition of a qualifying asset; and</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.	</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">the entity uses general borrowings to fund the expenditures on the land and construction of the building.</p>         </li></ol>     <p class="- topic/p ">The request asked whether the entity ceases capitalising borrowing costs incurred in respect of expenditures on the land (land expenditures) once it starts constructing the building or whether it continues to capitalise borrowing costs incurred in respect of land expenditures while it constructs the building.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee observed that in applying IAS 23 to determine when to cease capitalising borrowing costs incurred on land expenditures:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">	an entity considers the intended use of the land. Land and buildings are used for owner-occupation (recognised as property, plant and equipment applying <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 16</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Property, Plant and Equipment</ph></ph>); rent or capital appreciation (recognised as investment property applying <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 40</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Property</ph></ph>); or for sale (recognised as inventory applying <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 2</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Inventories</ph></ph>). The intended use of the land is not simply for the construction of a building on the land, but rather to use it for one of these three purposes.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.	</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">applying paragraph 24 of IAS 23, an entity considers whether the land is capable of being used for its intended purpose while construction continues on the building. If the land is not capable of being used for its intended purpose while construction continues on the building, the entity considers the land and building together to assess when to cease capitalising borrowing costs on the land expenditures. In this situation, the land would not be ready for its intended use or sale until substantially all the activities necessary to prepare both the land and building for that intended use or sale are complete.</p>         </li></ol>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine when to cease capitalising borrowing costs on land expenditures. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>             <fn base="IAS23_14" id="IAS23_FN0004" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS23_P0266" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, November 2009, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 23</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Borrowing Costs</ph></ph> (as revised in 2007)—Meaning of "general borrowings"’ </p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC received a request for guidance on what borrowings comprise 'general borrowings' for the purposes of capitalisation of borrowing costs in accordance with IAS 23. IAS 23 paragraph 14 states that <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">'To the extent that an entity borrows funds generally and uses them for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset</i>, the entity shall determine the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation by applying a capitalisation rate to the expenditures on that asset. The capitalisation rate shall be the weighted average of the borrowing costs applicable to <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">the borrowings of the entity that are outstanding during the period, other than borrowings made specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset'</i> (emphasis added). The request asked for guidance on the treatment of general borrowings used to purchase a specific asset other than a qualifying asset as defined in the standard.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that because paragraph 14 of IAS 23 refers only to qualifying assets, some conclude that borrowings related to specific assets other than qualifying assets cannot be excluded from determining the capitalisation rate for general borrowings. Others note the general principle in paragraph 10 that the borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are borrowing costs that would have been avoided if the expenditure on the qualifying asset had not been made. The IFRIC noted that paragraph 11 of IAS 23 states ‘the determination of the amount of borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of a qualifying asset is difficult and the exercise of judgement is required.’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that the standard itself acknowledges that judgement will be required in its application. In addition, the IFRIC concluded that any guidance it could provide would be in the nature of application guidance rather than an interpretation. The IFRIC also noted that the Board would consider whether to add this issue to the annual improvements project. At its meeting in July 2009, the Board noted that IAS 23 excludes only debt used to acquire qualifying assets from the determination of the capitalisation rate. The Board decided not to include this issue in the annual improvements project.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC therefore decided not to add the issue to its agenda.] </p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>