<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="Edu_d5e4605" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Edu Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IAS08_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">              <p id="IAS08_P5326" class="- topic/p ">[The term ‘faithful representation’, which was used in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2010 and is also used in the revised version of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2018, encompasses the main characteristics that the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> called ‘reliability’ (refer <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_g2.12-2.19.dita" scope="local" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> paragraphs 2.12–2.19</xref> and <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_gBC2.21-BC2.51.dita" scope="local" class="- topic/xref ">Basis for Conclusions paragraphs BC2.21–BC2.31</xref>).]</p>       </fn> <fn id="IAS08_7_EDUFN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, January 2018, Agenda Decision, ‘Contributing property, plant and equipment to an associate (<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 28</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures</ph></ph>)’</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about how an entity accounts for a transaction in which it contributes property, plant and equipment (PPE) to a newly formed associate in exchange for shares in the associate…</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The request asked… about the application of IFRS Standards to transactions involving entities under common control (common control transactions)—ie whether IFRS Standards provide a general exception or exemption from applying the requirements in a particular Standard to common control transactions (Question A)…</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">[In responding to Question A, the Committee stated that] Paragraph 7 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph> requires an entity to apply an IFRS Standard to a transaction when that Standard applies specifically to the transaction. The Committee observed, therefore, that unless a Standard specifically excludes common control transactions from its scope, an entity applies the applicable requirements in the Standard to common control transactions…</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">[The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after <xref href="../ias28/IAS28_30.dita" scope="local" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 30 of IAS 28</xref>.]]</p>       </fn>          <fn base="IAS08_11" id="EDUFN_ad2019_january_ap2_IAS37" class="- topic/fn ">            <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about how to account for deposits relating to taxes that are       outside the scope of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS           12</ph>         <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph> (ie deposits relating to taxes other       than income tax). In the fact pattern described in the request, an entity and a tax authority       dispute whether the entity is required to pay the tax. The tax is not an income tax, so it is       not within the scope of IAS 12. Any liability or contingent liability to pay the tax is       instead within the scope of IAS 37. Taking account of all available evidence, the preparer of       the entity’s financial statements judges it probable that the entity will not be required to       pay the tax—it is more likely than not that the dispute will be resolved in the entity’s       favour. Applying IAS 37, the entity discloses a contingent liability and does not recognise a       liability. To avoid possible penalties, the entity has deposited the disputed amount with the       tax authority. Upon resolution of the dispute, the tax authority will be required to either       refund the tax deposit to the entity (if the dispute is resolved in the entity’s favour) or       use the deposit to settle the entity’s liability (if the dispute is resolved in the tax       authority’s favour).</p>       <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Whether the tax deposit gives rise to an asset, a contingent asset or neither</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee observed that if the tax deposit gives rise to an asset, that asset may not         be clearly within the scope of any IFRS Standard. Furthermore, the Committee concluded that         no IFRS Standard deals with issues similar or related to the issue that arises in assessing         whether the right arising from the tax deposit meets the definition of an asset.         Accordingly, applying paragraphs 10–11 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 8</ph>           <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and             Errors</ph></ph>, the Committee referred to the two definitions of an asset in IFRS         literature—the definition in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>         issued in March 2018 and the definition in the previous <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> that was in place when many         existing IFRS Standards were developed. The Committee concluded that the right arising from         the tax deposit meets either of those definitions. The tax deposit gives the entity a right         to obtain future economic benefits, either by receiving a cash refund or by using the         payment to settle the tax liability. The nature of the tax deposit—whether voluntary or         required—does not affect this right and therefore does not affect the conclusion that there         is an asset. The right is not a contingent asset as defined by IAS 37 because it is an         asset, and not a possible asset, of the entity.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">Consequently, the Committee concluded that in the fact pattern described in the request the         entity has an asset when it makes the tax deposit to the tax authority.</p>        <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">Recognising, measuring, presenting and disclosing the tax deposit</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">In the absence of a Standard that specifically applies to the asset, an entity applies         paragraphs 10–11 of IAS 8 in developing and applying an accounting policy for the asset. The         entity’s management uses its judgement in developing and applying a policy that results in         information that is relevant to the economic decision-making needs of users of financial         statements and reliable. The Committee noted that the issues that need to be addressed in         developing and applying an accounting policy for the tax deposit may be similar or related         to those that arise for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of         monetary assets. If this is the case, the entity’s management would refer to requirements in         IFRS Standards dealing with those issues for monetary assets.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that the requirements in IFRS Standards and concepts in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for             Financial Reporting</ph></ph> provide an adequate basis for an entity to account for         deposits relating to taxes other than income tax. Consequently, the Committee decided not to         add this matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p> </fn>              <fn id="IAS08_FN0004" class="- topic/fn ">              <p id="IAS08_P5330" class="- topic/p ">[The term ‘faithful representation’, which was used in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2010 and is also used in the revised version of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2018, encompasses the main characteristics that the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> called ‘reliability’ (refer <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_g2.12-2.19.dita" scope="local" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> paragraphs 2.12–2.19</xref> and <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_gBC2.21-BC2.51.dita" scope="local" class="- topic/xref ">Basis for Conclusions paragraphs BC2.21–BC2.31</xref>).]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS08_FN0005" class="- topic/fn ">              <p id="IAS08_P5331" class="- topic/p ">[The term ‘faithful representation’, which was used in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2010 and is also used in the revised version of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2018, encompasses the main characteristics that the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> called ‘reliability’ (refer <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_g2.12-2.19.dita" scope="local" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> paragraphs 2.12–2.19</xref> and <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_gBC2.21-BC2.51.dita" scope="local" class="- topic/xref ">Basis for Conclusions paragraphs BC2.21–BC2.31</xref>).]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS08_FN0006" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS08_P0434" class="- topic/p ">[The <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> does not include prudence or conservatism as an aspect of faithful representation because including either would be inconsistent with neutrality (refer <xref href="../cf2010/CF2010_BC3.27.dita#CF2010_BC3_27" base="F16378770" id="IAS08_X0246" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> Basis for Conclusions paragraph BC3.27</xref>).]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS08_11" id="IAS08_FN0007" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS08_P0435" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, March 2011, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph>—application of the IAS 8 hierarchy’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">IAS 8 requires management to use judgement in developing and applying an accounting policy that results in information that is relevant and reliable, in the absence of an IFRS that specifically applies to a transaction. IAS 8 specifies that management shall refer to and consider the applicability of requirements in IFRSs dealing with similar and related issues. The Interpretations Committee received a question as to whether it could be appropriate to consider only certain aspects of an IFRS being analogised to, or whether all aspects of the IFRS being analogised to would be required to be applied.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee observed that when management develops an accounting policy through analogy to an IFRS dealing with similar and related matters, it needs to use its judgement in applying all aspects of the IFRS that are applicable to the particular issue. </p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that the process for developing accounting policies by analogy does not need to be clarified in paragraphs 10–12 of IAS 8 because the current guidance is sufficient. Consequently, the Committee decided that this issue should not be added to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS08_FN0011" class="- topic/fn ">              <p id="IAS08_P5340" class="- topic/p ">[The term ‘faithful representation’, which was used in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2010 and is also used in the revised version of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2018, encompasses the main characteristics that the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> called ‘reliability’ (refer <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_g2.12-2.19.dita" scope="local" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> paragraphs 2.12–2.19</xref> and <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_gBC2.21-BC2.51.dita" scope="local" class="- topic/xref ">Basis for Conclusions paragraphs BC2.21–BC2.31</xref>).]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS08_FN0012" class="- topic/fn ">              <p id="IAS08_P5335" class="- topic/p ">[The term ‘faithful representation’, which was used in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2010 and is also used in the revised version of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2018, encompasses the main characteristics that the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> called ‘reliability’ (refer <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_g2.12-2.19.dita" scope="local" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> paragraphs 2.12–2.19</xref> and <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_gBC2.21-BC2.51.dita" scope="local" class="- topic/xref ">Basis for Conclusions paragraphs BC2.21–BC2.31</xref>).]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS08_FN0013" class="- topic/fn ">              <p id="IAS08_P5350" class="- topic/p ">[The term ‘faithful representation’, which was used in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2010 and is also used in the revised version of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2018, encompasses the main characteristics that the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> called ‘reliability’ (refer <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_g2.12-2.19.dita" scope="local" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph> paragraphs 2.12–2.19</xref> and <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_gBC2.21-BC2.51.dita" scope="local" class="- topic/xref ">Basis for Conclusions paragraphs BC2.21–BC2.31</xref>).]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS08_50" id="IAS08_FN0014" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS08_P0442" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, October 2004, Agenda Decision, ‘Transition issues under IFRS 1’</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC considered two issues regarding first-time adoption of IFRSs. The first issue was whether the ‘impracticability’ exception under <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph> should also apply to first time adopters. The IFRIC agreed that there were potential issues, especially with respect to ‘old’ items, such as property, plant and equipment. However, those issues could usually be resolved by using one of the transition options available in IFRS 1.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The second issue was ...]</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>