<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS13_IE5" base="F16133825" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>IE5</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 13"/><data name="paranum" value="IE5"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P0474">As discussed below, differences between the indicated fair values of the individual assets relate principally to the use of the assets by those market participants within different asset groups:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0055" base="F16133827" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0475" base="F16133828">Strategic buyer asset group. The entity determines that strategic buyers have related assets that would enhance the value of the group within which the assets would be used (ie market participant synergies). Those assets include a substitute asset for Asset C (the billing software), which would be used for only a limited transition period and could not be sold on its own at the end of that period. Because strategic buyers have substitute assets, Asset C would not be used for its full remaining economic life. The indicated fair values of Assets A, B and C within the strategic buyer asset group (reflecting the synergies resulting from the use of the assets within that group) are CU360,<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS13_FN0004" type="fn"/> CU260 and CU30, respectively. The indicated fair value of the assets as a group within the strategic buyer asset group is CU650.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0476" base="F16133830">Financial buyer asset group. The entity determines that financial buyers do not have related or substitute assets that would enhance the value of the group within which the assets would be used. Because financial buyers do not have substitute assets, Asset C (ie the billing software) would be used for its full remaining economic life. The indicated fair values of Assets A, B and C within the financial buyer asset group are CU300, CU200 and CU100, respectively. The indicated fair value of the assets as a group within the financial buyer asset group is CU600.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>