<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS13_IE55" base="F16134133" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>IE55</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;13"/><data name="paranum" value="IE55"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS13_P0627">Entity A estimates that one indication of the market rate of return that market participants would use when pricing the junior tranche of the residential mortgage&#x2011;backed security is 12&#xa0;per cent (1,200 basis points). This market rate of return was estimated as follows:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0074" base="F16134153" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0628" base="F16134154">Begin with 300 basis points for the relevant risk&#x2011;free rate of interest at 31&#xa0;March 20X9.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0629" base="F16134156">Add 250 basis points for the credit spread over the risk&#x2011;free rate when the junior tranche was issued in January 20X8.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0630" base="F16134158">Add 700 basis points for the estimated change in the credit spread over the risk&#x2011;free rate of the junior tranche between 1&#xa0;January 20X8 and 31&#xa0;March 20X9. This estimate was developed on the basis of the change in the most comparable index available for that time period.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0631" base="F16134160">Subtract 50 basis points (net) to adjust for differences between the index used to estimate the change in credit spreads and the junior tranche. The referenced index consists of subprime mortgage loans, whereas Entity&#xa0;A&#x2019;s residential mortgage&#x2011;backed security consists of similar mortgage loans with a more favourable credit profile (making it more attractive to market participants). However, the index does not reflect an appropriate liquidity risk premium for the junior tranche under current market conditions. Thus, the 50 basis point adjustment is the net of two adjustments:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS13_L0075" base="F16134162" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0632" base="F16134163">the first adjustment is a 350 basis point subtraction, which was estimated by comparing the implied yield from the most recent transactions for the residential mortgage&#x2011;backed security in June&#xa0;20X8 with the implied yield in the index price on those same dates. There was no information available that indicated that the relationship between Entity&#xa0;A&#x2019;s security and the index has changed.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS13_P0633" base="F16134165">the second adjustment is a 300 basis point addition, which is Entity A&#x2019;s best estimate of the additional liquidity risk inherent in its security (a cash position) when compared with the index (a&#xa0;synthetic position). This estimate was derived after taking into account liquidity risk premiums implied in recent cash transactions for a range of similar securities.</p></li></ol></li></ol></body></paragraph>