<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS36_68" base="SL32290" principles="no"><paranum>68</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="68"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS36_P0263">As defined in <xref id="IAS36_X0270" base="A36-234" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6">paragraph 6</xref>, an asset&#x2019;s <xref base="SL148451" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0096">cash&#x2011;generating unit<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0031"/></ph></xref> is the smallest group of assets that includes the asset and generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. Identification of an asset&#x2019;s cash&#x2011;generating unit involves judgement. If <xref base="SL148458" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0106">recoverable amount<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0319"/></ph></xref> cannot be determined for an individual asset, an entity identifies the lowest aggregation of assets that generate largely independent cash inflows. </p><table id="IAS36_TAB0002" base="SL78013" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><thead><row><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS36_P0264" typeface="sansserif">Example</p></entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry colname="C1" valign="top"> <p id="IAS36_P0265" base="SL148613">A bus company provides services under contract with a municipality that requires minimum service on each of five separate routes. Assets devoted to each route and the cash flows from each route can be identified separately. One of the routes operates at a significant loss.</p> <p id="IAS36_P0266" base="SL148614"><i>Because the entity does not have the option to curtail any one bus route, the lowest level of identifiable cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets is the cash inflows generated by the five routes together. The <xref base="SL148451" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0096">cash&#x2011;generating unit<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0031"/></ph></xref> for each route is the bus company as a whole.</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>