<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS36_135" base="SL32357" principles="yes"><paranum>135</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="135"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS36_P0493">If some or all of the <xref base="SL148450" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0095">carrying amount<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0026"/></ph></xref> of goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite <xref base="SL148459" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0109">useful lives<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0380"/></ph></xref>  is allocated across multiple <xref base="SL148451" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0096">cash&#x2011;generating units<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0031"/></ph></xref> (groups of units), and the amount so allocated to each unit (group of units) is not significant in comparison with the entity&#x2019;s total carrying amount of goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, that fact shall be disclosed, together with the aggregate carrying amount of goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite useful lives allocated to those units (groups of units). In addition, if the <xref base="SL148458" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0106">recoverable amounts<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0319"/></ph></xref> of any of those units (groups of units) are based on the same key assumption(s) and the aggregate carrying amount of goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite useful lives allocated to them is significant in comparison with the entity&#x2019;s total carrying amount of goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, an entity shall disclose that fact, together with: </p><ol id="IAS36_L0069" base="SL148824" type="lower-alpha"><li id="IAS36_135_a"><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0494" base="SL148826">the aggregate carrying amount of goodwill allocated to those units (groups of units).</p></li><li id="IAS36_135_b"><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0495" base="SL148828">the aggregate carrying amount of intangible assets with indefinite useful lives allocated to those units (groups of units).</p></li><li id="IAS36_135_c"><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0496" base="SL148830">a description of the key assumption(s).</p></li><li id="IAS36_135_d"><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0497" base="SL148832">a description of management&#x2019;s approach to determining the value(s) assigned to the key assumption(s), whether those value(s) reflect past experience or, if appropriate, are consistent with external sources of information, and, if not, how and why they differ from past experience or external sources of information.</p></li><li id="IAS36_135_e"><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0498" base="SL148834">if a reasonably possible change in the key assumption(s) would cause the aggregate of the units&#x2019; (groups of units&#x2019;) carrying amounts to exceed the aggregate of their recoverable amounts:</p> <ol id="IAS36_L0070" base="SL148835" type="lower-roman"><li id="IAS36_135_e_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0499" base="SL148837">the amount by which the aggregate of the units&#x2019; (groups of units&#x2019;) recoverable amounts exceeds the aggregate of their carrying amounts.</p></li><li id="IAS36_135_e_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0500" base="SL148839">the value(s) assigned to the key assumption(s).</p></li><li id="IAS36_135_e_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0501" base="SL148841">the amount by which the value(s) assigned to the key assumption(s) must change, after incorporating any consequential effects of the change on the other variables used to measure recoverable amount, in order for the aggregate of the units&#x2019; (groups of units&#x2019;) recoverable amounts to be equal to the aggregate of their carrying amounts.</p></li></ol></li></ol></body></paragraph>