<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS36_78" base="SL32300" principles="no"><paranum>78</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="78"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS36_P0282">It may be necessary to consider some recognised liabilities to determine the <xref base="SL148458" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0106">recoverable amount<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0319"/></ph></xref> of a <xref base="SL148451" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0096">cash&#x2011;generating unit<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0031"/></ph></xref>. This may occur if the disposal of a cash&#x2011;generating unit would require the buyer to assume the liability. In this case, the <xref base="SL148456" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0101">fair value<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0118"/></ph></xref> less <xref base="SL148453" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0098">costs of disposal<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0058"/></ph></xref> (or the estimated cash flow from ultimate disposal) of the cash&#x2011;generating unit is the price to sell the assets of the cash&#x2011;generating unit and the liability together, less the <xref base="SL148453" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0098">costs of disposal<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0058"/></ph></xref>. To perform a meaningful comparison between the carrying amount of the cash&#x2011;generating unit and its recoverable amount, the carrying amount of the liability is deducted in determining both the cash&#x2011;generating unit&#x2019;s <xref base="SL148465" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0112">value in use<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0382"/></ph></xref> and its <xref base="SL148450" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0095">carrying amount<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0026"/></ph></xref>.</p><table id="IAS36_TAB0003" base="SL78014" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><thead><row><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS36_P0283" typeface="sansserif">Example</p></entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry colname="C1" valign="top"> <p id="IAS36_P0284" base="SL148627">A company operates a mine in a country where legislation requires that the owner must restore the site on completion of its mining operations. The cost of restoration includes the replacement of the overburden, which must be removed before mining operations commence. A provision for the costs to replace the overburden was recognised as soon as the overburden was removed. The amount provided was recognised as part of the cost of the mine and is being depreciated over the mine&#x2019;s <xref base="SL148459" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0109">useful life<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0380"/></ph></xref>. The <xref base="SL148450" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0095">carrying amount<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0026"/></ph></xref> of the provision for restoration costs is CU500,<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS36_FN0009" type="fn"/> which is equal to the present value of the restoration costs.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" valign="top"> <p id="IAS36_P0285" base="SL148628">The entity is testing the mine for impairment. The <xref base="SL148451" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0096">cash&#x2011;generating unit<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0031"/></ph></xref> for the mine is the mine as a whole. The entity has received various offers to buy the mine at a price of around CU800. This price reflects the fact that the buyer will assume the obligation to restore the overburden. Disposal costs for the mine are negligible. The <xref base="SL148465" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0112">value in use<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0382"/></ph></xref> of the mine is approximately CU1,200, excluding restoration costs. The carrying amount of the mine is CU1,000.</p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1" valign="top"> <p id="IAS36_P0286" base="SL148629"><i>The cash&#x2011;generating unit&#x2019;s <xref base="SL148456" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0101">fair value<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0118"/></ph></xref> less costs of disposal is CU800. This amount considers restoration costs that have already been provided for. As a consequence, the value in use for the cash&#x2011;generating unit is determined after consideration of the restoration costs and is estimated to be CU700 (CU1,200 less CU500). The carrying amount of the cash&#x2011;generating unit is CU500, which is the carrying amount of the mine (CU1,000) less the carrying amount of the provision for restoration costs (CU500). Therefore, the <xref base="SL148458" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0106">recoverable amount<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0319"/></ph></xref> of the cash&#x2011;generating unit exceeds its carrying amount.</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>