<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IAS36_107" base="SL32329" principles="no"><paranum>107</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 36"/><data name="paranum" value="107"/></prolog><body><p id="IAS36_P0350">If the <xref base="SL148458" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0106">recoverable amount<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0319"/></ph></xref> of an individual asset cannot be determined (see <xref id="IAS36_X0309" base="A36-250" href="IAS36_67.dita#IAS36_67">paragraph 67</xref>): </p><ol id="IAS36_L0044" base="SL148696" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0351" base="SL148698">an <xref base="SL148457" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0105">impairment loss<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0176"/></ph></xref> is recognised for the asset if its <xref base="SL148450" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0095">carrying amount<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0026"/></ph></xref> is greater than the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and the results of the allocation procedures described in <xref id="IAS36_X0310" base="A36-251" href="IAS36_104.dita#IAS36_104">paragraphs 104 and 105</xref>; and</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS36_P0352" base="SL148700">no impairment loss is recognised for the asset if the related <xref base="SL148451" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0096">cash&#x2011;generating unit<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0031"/></ph></xref> is not impaired. This applies even if the asset&#x2019;s fair value less costs of disposal is less than its carrying amount.</p></li></ol><table id="IAS36_TAB0006" base="SL78017" frame="all" orient="port"><tgroup cols="2"><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="7*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="93*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left"/><thead><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" rowsep="1" align="left" valign="top"> <p id="IAS36_P0353" typeface="sansserif">Example</p></entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2"> <p id="IAS36_P0354" base="SL148701">A machine has suffered physical damage but is still working, although not as well as before it was damaged. The machine&#x2019;s <xref base="SL148456" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0101">fair value<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0118"/></ph></xref> less costs of disposal is less than its <xref base="SL148450" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0095">carrying amount<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0026"/></ph></xref>. The machine does not generate independent cash inflows. The smallest identifiable group of assets that includes the machine and generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets is the production line to which the machine belongs. The <xref base="SL148458" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0106">recoverable amount<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0319"/></ph></xref> of the production line shows that the production line taken as a whole is not impaired.</p></entry></row><row keep_together="3"><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2"> <p id="IAS36_P0355" base="SL148702">Assumption 1: budgets/forecasts approved by management reflect no commitment of management to replace the machine.</p> <p id="IAS36_P0356" base="SL148703"><i>The recoverable amount of the machine alone cannot be estimated because the machine&#x2019;s <xref base="SL148465" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0112">value in use<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0382"/></ph></xref>:</i></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IAS36_P0357" base="SL148704"><i>(a)</i></p></entry><entry colname="C2"> <p id="IAS36_P0358" base="SL148705"><i>may differ from its fair value less costs of disposal; and</i></p></entry></row><row><entry colname="C1"> <p id="IAS36_P0359" base="SL148706"><i>(b)</i></p></entry><entry colname="C2"> <p id="IAS36_P0360" base="SL148707"><i>can be determined only for the <xref base="SL148451" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0096">cash&#x2011;generating unit<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0031"/></ph></xref> to which the machine belongs (the production line).</i></p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2"> <p id="IAS36_P0361" base="SL148708"><i>The production line is not impaired. Therefore, no <xref base="SL148457" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0105">impairment loss<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0176"/></ph></xref> is recognised for the machine. Nevertheless, the entity may need to reassess the depreciation period or the depreciation method for the machine. Perhaps a shorter depreciation period or a faster depreciation method is required to reflect the expected remaining <xref base="SL148459" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0109">useful life<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0380"/></ph></xref> of the machine or the pattern in which economic benefits are expected to be consumed by the entity.</i></p></entry></row><row keep_together="1"><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2"> <p id="IAS36_P0362" base="SL148709">Assumption 2: budgets/forecasts approved by management reflect a commitment of management to replace the machine and sell it in the near future. Cash flows from continuing use of the machine until its disposal are estimated to be negligible.</p></entry></row><row><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2"> <p id="IAS36_P0363" base="SL148710"><i>The machine&#x2019;s value in use can be estimated to be close to its fair value less costs of disposal. Therefore, the recoverable amount of the machine can be determined and no consideration is given to the cash&#x2011;generating unit to which the machine belongs (ie the production line). Because the machine&#x2019;s fair value less costs of disposal is less than its carrying amount, an <xref base="SL148457" href="IAS36_6.dita#IAS36_6/IAS36_P0105">impairment loss<ph outputclass="def_xref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0176"/></ph></xref> is recognised for the machine.</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>