<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS08_BC_96." base="F1261805" principles="no"><paranum>96.</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 8"/><data name="paranum" value="96."/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS08_P0590">The Board decided not to require the disclosure of segment liabilities. The Exposure Draft proposed that an enterprise disclose segment liabilities because the Board believed that liabilities are an important disclosure for understanding the financing activities of a segment. The Board also noted that the requirement in FASB Statement No. 94, <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidation of All Majority&#x2011;Owned Subsidiaries</ph></ph>, to disclose assets, liabilities, and profit or loss about previously unconsolidated subsidiaries was continued from APB Opinion No. 18, <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">The Equity Method of Accounting for Investments in Common Stock</ph></ph>, pending completion of the project on disaggregated disclosures. However, in commenting on the disclosures that should be required by this Statement, many respondents said that liabilities are incurred centrally and that enterprises often do not allocate those amounts to segments. The Board concluded that the value of information about segment liabilities in assessing the performance of the segments of an enterprise was limited.</p></body></paragraph>