<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS08_BC_85." base="F1261786" principles="no"><paranum>85.</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 8"/><data name="paranum" value="85."/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS08_P0575">The Board recognizes that segment information is subject to certain limitations and that some of that information may not be susceptible to the same degree of verifiability as some other financial information. However, verifiability is not the only important qualitative characteristic of accounting information. Verifiability is a component of reliability, which is one of two characteristics that contribute to the usefulness of accounting information. The other is relevance, which is equally important. Concepts Statement 2 states:</p><lq> <p id="IFRS08_P0576" base="F1261787">Although financial information must be both relevant and reliable to be useful, information may possess both characteristics to varying degrees. It may be possible to trade relevance for reliability or vice versa, though not to the point of dispensing with one of them altogether. ... trade&#x2011;offs between characteristics may be necessary or beneficial.</p></lq><lq> <p id="IFRS08_P0577" base="F1261788">In a particular situation, the importance attached to relevance in relation to the importance of other decision specific qualities of accounting information (for example, reliability) will be different for different information users, and their willingness to trade one quality for another will also differ. [paragraphs 42 and 45]</p></lq></body></paragraph>