<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS08_BC_118." base="F1261851" principles="no"><paranum>118.</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 8"/><data name="paranum" value="118."/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS08_P0612">The general approach of providing information based on the structure of an enterprise&#x2019;s internal organization may be appropriate for not&#x2011;for&#x2011;profit organizations. However, the Board decided not to add not&#x2011;for&#x2011;profit organizations to the scope of this Statement. Users of financial statements of not&#x2011;for&#x2011;profit organizations have not urged the Board to include those organizations, perhaps because they have not yet seen the effects of Statement 117 and the Exposure Draft on consolidations. Furthermore, the term <i>not&#x2011;for&#x2011;profit organizations</i> applies to a wide variety of entities, some of which are similar to business enterprises and some of which are very different. There are likely to be unique characteristics of some of those entities or special user needs that require special provisions, which the Board has not studied. In addition, the AcSB has recently adopted standards for reporting by not&#x2011;for&#x2011;profit organizations that are different from Statement 117. In the interest of completing this joint project in a timely manner, the Board decided not to undertake the research and deliberations that would be necessary to adapt the requirements of this Statement to not&#x2011;for&#x2011;profit organizations at this time. Few respondents to the Exposure Draft disagreed with the Board&#x2019;s position.</p></body></paragraph>