<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="SIC32_0008_V4" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title base="SL74899879" id="SIC32_0008_TI_V4" level="1" class="- topic/title ">Effective date</title><body class="- topic/body "><p base="SL74899880" id="SIC32_P0072" class="- topic/p ">This Interpretation becomes effective on 25 March 2002. The effects of adopting this Interpretation shall be accounted for using the transition requirements in the version of <xref href="../IAS38.ditamap" base="F74899881" id="SIC32_X0086" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38</xref> that was issued in 1998. Therefore, when a web site does not meet the criteria for recognition as an intangible asset, but was previously recognised as an asset, the item shall be derecognised at the date when this Interpretation becomes effective. When a web site exists and the expenditure to develop it meets the criteria for recognition as an intangible asset, but was not previously recognised as an asset, the intangible asset shall not be recognised at the date when this Interpretation becomes effective. When a web site exists and the expenditure to develop it meets the criteria for recognition as an intangible asset, was previously recognised as an asset and initially measured at cost, the amount initially recognised is deemed to have been properly determined.</p><p base="F74899882" id="SIC32_P0073" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F74899883" id="SIC32_X0087" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1 (as revised in 2007)</xref> amended the terminology used throughout IFRSs. In addition it amended <xref href="SIC32_5.dita#SIC32_5" base="F74899884" id="SIC32_X0088" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 5</xref>. An entity shall apply those amendments for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2009. If an entity applies <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F74899885" id="SIC32_X0089" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1 (revised 2007)</xref> for an earlier period, the amendments shall be applied for that earlier period.</p><p base="F74899886" id="SIC32_P0074" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" base="F74899887" id="SIC32_X0090" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 15</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Revenue from Contracts with Customers</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2014, amended the ‘References’ section and paragraph 6. An entity shall apply that amendment when it applies IFRS 15.</p><p base="F74899889" id="SIC32_P0075" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs16/IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" base="F74899890" id="SIC32_X0091" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 16</xref>, issued in January 2016, amended paragraph 6. An entity shall apply that amendment when it applies IFRS 16.</p><p base="F74899869" id="SIC32_P0076" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</i>, issued in 2018, amended paragraph 5. An entity shall apply that amendment for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020. Earlier application is permitted if at the same time an entity also applies all other amendments made by <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</i>. An entity shall apply the amendment to SIC‑32 retrospectively in accordance with <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph>. However, if an entity determines that retrospective application would be impracticable or would involve undue cost or effort, it shall apply the amendment to SIC‑32 by reference to paragraphs 23–28, 50–53 and 54F of IAS 8.</p></body></topic>