<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE glossentry PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Glossary Entry//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsGlossentry.dtd"><glossentry id="GLOSSARY_DI0325"><glossterm base="SL60802" id="GLOSSARY_TE0376">related party</glossterm><glossdef> <p base="SL139314" id="GLOSSARY_P0978">A person or entity that is related to the entity that is preparing its financial statements (in IAS 24 referred to as the ‘reporting entity’).</p> <ol outputclass="static" base="F13758304" id="GLOSSARY_L0081" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F13758305" id="GLOSSARY_P0979">A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to a reporting entity if that person:</p> <ol outputclass="static" base="F13758307" id="GLOSSARY_L0082" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p base="F13758308" id="GLOSSARY_P0980">has control or joint control over the reporting entity;</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p base="F13758310" id="GLOSSARY_P0981">has significant influence over the reporting entity; or</p></li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value> <p base="F13758327" id="GLOSSARY_P0982">is a member of the key management personnel of the reporting entity or of a parent of the reporting entity.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F13758329" id="GLOSSARY_P0983">An entity is related to a reporting entity if any of the following conditions applies:</p> <ol outputclass="static" base="F13758331" id="GLOSSARY_L0083" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p base="F13758332" id="GLOSSARY_P0984">The entity and the reporting entity are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p base="F13758334" id="GLOSSARY_P0985">One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).</p></li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value> <p base="F13758336" id="GLOSSARY_P0986">Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.</p></li><li><li_value>(iv)</li_value> <p base="F13758339" id="GLOSSARY_P0987">One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.</p></li><li><li_value>(v)</li_value> <p base="F13758341" id="GLOSSARY_P0988">The entity is a post‑employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the reporting entity or an entity related to the reporting entity. If the reporting entity is itself such a plan, the sponsoring employers are also related to the reporting entity.</p></li><li><li_value>(vi)</li_value> <p base="F13758343" id="GLOSSARY_P0989">The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).</p></li><li><li_value>(vii)</li_value> <p base="F13758345" id="GLOSSARY_P0990">A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).</p></li><li><li_value>(viii)</li_value> <p base="SL30127344" id="GLOSSARY_P0991">The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the reporting entity or to the parent of the reporting entity.</p></li></ol></li></ol></glossdef><related-links><linklist id="GLOSSARY_P0992"><link base="F28097767" href="../ias24/IAS24_9.dita#IAS24_9" id="GLOSSARY_X0504"><linktext>IAS 24.9</linktext></link></linklist></related-links></glossentry>