<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS14_BC59" base="F29712982" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC59</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 14" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC59" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS14_P1147" class="- topic/p ">The other main changes from the proposals in the 2013 ED are as follows:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS14_L0023" base="F29712984" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS14_P1148" base="F29712985" class="- topic/p ">application guidance has been added to:</p> <ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS14_L0024" base="F29712987" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS14_P1149" base="F29712988" class="- topic/p ">clarify some group accounting issues. Paragraph 19 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 10</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> requires that a “parent shall prepare consolidated financial statements using uniform accounting policies for like transactions and other events in similar circumstances”. Consequently, if a parent recognises regulatory deferral account balances in accordance with this Standard, it shall apply the same accounting policies for the recognition, measurement, impairment and derecognition of regulatory deferral account balances arising from the rate-regulated activities of all of its subsidiaries, even if some of those subsidiaries do not recognise such balances in their own financial statements. A similar requirement applies to an investor applying the equity method to investments in associates and joint ventures. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS14_P1150" base="F29712991" class="- topic/p ">introduce a limited exception to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph> to require the continuation of the acquirer’s previous GAAP accounting policies for the recognition and measurement of regulatory deferral account balances acquired or assumed in a business combination. The IASB noted that, if an acquirer does not recognise regulatory deferral account balances in accordance with this Standard, but subsequently acquires a subsidiary that does recognise such balances, the acquirer is not eligible to apply this Standard. Consequently, the acquirer is not eligible to recognise the acquiree’s regulatory deferral account balances within the consolidated financial statements. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(iii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS14_P1151" base="F29712994" class="- topic/p ">clarify that an entity is not prohibited from recognising new regulatory deferral account balances for timing differences that are created as a consequence of a change in an accounting policy for other items required by IFRS. The IASB noted that the recognition of timing differences between its applied accounting policies and rate-regulatory requirements is a key element of what regulatory deferral account balances represent. When an entity adopts IFRS, the accounting policies that it uses in its opening IFRS statement of financial position may differ from those that it used at the same date when it used its previous GAAP. Such changes in accounting policies may create new timing differences that will be recorded by the entity in regulatory deferral accounts. For example, the rate regulator might allow pension costs to be reflected in rates when benefits or other costs are paid. The previous GAAP accounting policy for pension costs may have been consistent with this ‘as paid’ policy and thus no regulatory deferral account balance would have existed for those costs. However, <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Employee Benefits</ph></ph> requires pension costs to be attributed to periods of service in accordance with the plan’s benefit formula, or in some cases on a straight-line basis. For defined benefit pension costs, this would create a new timing difference for which a regulatory deferral account balance would be created. Some respondents were concerned that the prohibition to change accounting policies would prevent such newly created regulatory deferral account balances from being recognised. However, this was not the IASB’s intention, because the recognition of such timing differences would be consistent with the recognition of other timing differences already recognised as regulatory deferral account balances. </p></li></ol></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS14_P1152" base="F29712997" class="- topic/p ">the requirement to continue previous GAAP accounting policies for the recognition, measurement and impairment of regulatory deferral account balances has been extended to include derecognition. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS14_P1153" base="F29712999" class="- topic/p ">the requirement to present the net movement in regulatory deferral account balances in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income has been modified to require the net movement to be split between amounts related to items reported in profit or loss and those reported in other comprehensive income. The IASB was persuaded by those respondents that stated that the proposal to recognise all net movements in regulatory deferral account balances in a single line item in the profit or loss section of the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income could be confusing or misleading when a material portion of the movement related to items that are recognised in other comprehensive income. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS14_P1154" base="F29713002" class="- topic/p ">the references to materiality as a factor to consider in deciding the level of detail to disclose has been deleted. The IASB noted that the consideration of materiality is already dealt with in IAS 1 and IAS 8. The IASB is currently assessing the adequacy of the guidance contained in those Standards as part of its Disclosure Initiative project. </p></li></ol></body></paragraph>