<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic outputclass="orphan" id="IAS24_UN0001_orphan"><title/><body><variants id="IAS24_UN0001">              <bodydiv base="SL29361700" principles="yes" id="IAS24_UN0001_V2">         <p id="IAS24_P0047">A <i>related party</i> is a person or entity that is related to the           entity that is preparing its financial statements (in this Standard referred to as the           ‘reporting entity’).          </p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="SL29361704" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS24_L0005"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>             <p base="SL29361706" id="IAS24_P0048">A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to               a reporting entity if that person:</p>             <ol outputclass="static" base="SL29361709" type="lower-roman" id="IAS24_L0006"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361711" id="IAS24_P0049">has control or joint control of the reporting                   entity;</p>                                </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361726" id="IAS24_P0051">has significant influence over the reporting                   entity; or</p>                                </li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361737" id="IAS24_P0053">is a member of the key management personnel of the                   reporting entity or of a parent of the reporting entity.</p>                                </li></ol>           </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p base="SL29361748" id="IAS24_P0055">An entity is related to a reporting entity if any of               the following conditions applies:</p>             <ol outputclass="static" base="SL29361751" type="lower-roman" id="IAS24_L0007"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361753" id="IAS24_P0056">The entity and the reporting entity are                   members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow                   subsidiary is related to the others).</p>                                </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361764" id="IAS24_P0058">One entity is an associate  or                   joint venture  of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a                   member of a group of which the other entity is a member).</p>                                </li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361779" id="IAS24_P0060">Both entities are joint ventures of the same                   third party.</p>                                </li><li><li_value>(iv)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361785" id="IAS24_P0063">One entity is a joint venture  of a                   third entity and the other entity is an associate  of                   the third entity.</p>                                </li><li><li_value>(v)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361797" id="IAS24_P0066">The entity is a post‑employment benefit plan                   for the benefit of employees of either the reporting entity or an entity related                   to the reporting entity. If the reporting entity is itself such a plan, the                   sponsoring employers are also related to the reporting entity.</p>               </li><li><li_value>(vi)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361803" id="IAS24_P0067">The entity is controlled or jointly controlled                   by a person identified in (a).</p>                                </li><li><li_value>(vii)</li_value>                 <p base="SL29361815" id="IAS24_P0069">A person identified in (a)(i) has significant                   influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the                   entity (or of a parent of the entity).</p>                                </li><li><li_value>(viii)</li_value>                 <p base="F29361557" id="IAS24_P0071">The entity, or any member of a group of which                   it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the reporting entity                   or to the parent of the reporting entity.                  </p>               </li></ol>           </li></ol>       </bodydiv>     </variants></body></topic>