<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F1411664" id="IFRIC12_BC77" principles="no"><paranum>BC77</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRIC 12"/><data name="paranum" value="BC77"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRIC12_P1425">The main changes from the IFRIC&#x2019;s proposals are as follows:</p><ol base="F1411666" id="IFRIC12_L0019" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F1411667" id="IFRIC12_P1426">The proposals were published in three separate draft Interpretations, D12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Service Concession Arrangements&#x2014;Determining the Accounting Model</ph></ph>, D13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Service Concession Arrangements&#x2014;The Financial Asset Model</ph></ph> and D14 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Service Concession Arrangements&#x2014;The Intangible Asset Model</ph></ph>. In finalising IFRIC 12, the IFRIC combined the three draft Interpretations.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F1411669" id="IFRIC12_P1427">By contrast with IFRIC 12 the draft Interpretations did not explain the reasons for the scope limitations and the reasons for the control approach adopted by the IFRIC in <xref base="F1800628" href="IFRIC12_5.dita#IFRIC12_5" id="IFRIC12_X0358">paragraph 5</xref>. The IFRIC added <xref base="F1800629" href="IFRIC12_IG_note2.dita#IFRIC12_IG_note2/IFRIC12_IG_note2_TI" id="IFRIC12_X0359">Information Note 2 to IFRIC 12</xref> to provide references to standards that apply to arrangements outside the scope of the Interpretation.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F1411690" id="IFRIC12_P1428">The scope of the proposals did not include &#x2018;whole of life infrastructure&#x2019; (ie infrastructure used in a public&#x2011;to&#x2011;private service arrangement for its entire useful life). IFRIC 12 includes &#x2018;whole of life infrastructure&#x2019; within its scope.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p base="F1411692" id="IFRIC12_P1429">Under the approach proposed, an entity determined the appropriate accounting model by reference to whether the grantor or the user had primary responsibility to pay the operator for the services provided. IFRIC 12 requires an entity to recognise a financial asset to the extent that the operator has an unconditional contractual right to receive cash from or at the direction of the grantor. The operator should recognise an intangible asset to the extent that it receives a right to charge users of the public service.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p base="F1411694" id="IFRIC12_P1430">By contrast with IFRIC 12, the draft Interpretations implied that the nature of asset recognised (a financial asset or an intangible asset) by the operator as consideration for providing construction services determined the accounting for the operation phase of the arrangement.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p base="F1411696" id="IFRIC12_P1431">Under the approach proposed in the draft Interpretations, an entity could capitalise borrowing costs under the allowed alternative treatment in <xref base="F7165228" href="../ias23/IAS23_TOC0001.dita#IAS23_TOC0001" id="IFRIC12_X0360">IAS 23</xref>. IFRIC 12 requires borrowing costs to be recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred unless the operator has a contractual right to receive an intangible asset (a right to charge users of the public service), in which case borrowing costs attributable to the arrangement may be capitalised in accordance with the allowed alternative treatment under <xref base="F7165229" href="../ias23/IAS23_TOC0001.dita#IAS23_TOC0001" id="IFRIC12_X0361">IAS 23</xref>.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRIC12_FN0058" type="fn"/></p></li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value> <p base="F1411714" id="IFRIC12_P1432">In finalising IFRIC 12, the IFRIC decided to amend IFRIC 4.</p>  </li></ol></body></paragraph>