<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRIC12_BC43"><paranum>BC43</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRIC 12"/><data name="paranum" value="BC43"/></prolog><body><variant base="F19748260" id="IFRIC12_BC43_V2" principles="no">       <p id="IFRIC12_P1374">The IFRIC noted that:</p>       <ol base="F19748261" id="IFRIC12_L0016" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>           <p base="F19748263" id="IFRIC12_P1375">an agreement to pay for the shortfall, if any, between amounts received from users of the service and specified or determinable amounts does not meet the definition of a financial guarantee in paragraph 9 of IAS 39 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement</ph></ph><xref keyref="footnotes/IFRIC12_FN0051" type="fn"/> because the operator has an unconditional contractual right to receive cash from the grantor. Furthermore, the amendments made to IAS 39 in August 2005 by <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Guarantee Contracts</ph></ph> do not address the treatment of financial guarantee contracts by the holder. The objective of the amendments was to ensure that issuers of financial guarantee contracts recognise a liability for the obligations the guarantor has undertaken in issuing that guarantee.</p>         </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>           <p base="F19748268" id="IFRIC12_P1376">users or the grantor may pay the contractual amount receivable directly to the operator. The method of payment is a matter of form only. In both cases the operator has a present, unconditional, contractual right to receive the specified or determinable cash flows from or at the direction of the grantor. The nature of the operator&#x2019;s asset is not altered solely because the contractual amount receivable may be paid directly by users of the public service. The IFRIC observed that accounting for these contractual cash flows in accordance with <xref base="F19748269" href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita" id="IFRIC12_X0314">IASs 32</xref> and <xref base="F19748270" href="../ias39/IAS39_TOC.dita" id="IFRIC12_X0315" scope="local">39</xref> faithfully reflects the economics of the arrangements, which is to provide finance to the operator for the construction of the infrastructure.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>