<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS39_footnotes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "> <fn base="IAS39_102B" id="IAS39_102B_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p class="- topic/p ">The report, 'Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks', is available at <xref href="http://www.fsb.org/wp-content/uploads/r_140722.pdf" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">http://www.fsb.org/wp-content/uploads/r_140722.pdf</xref>.</p>       </fn> <fn id="IAS39_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5768" class="- topic/p ">IFRIC 9 was superseded by IFRS 9 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial Instruments</i>, issued in October 2010.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0028" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5795" class="- topic/p ">When an entity applies <xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita" base="F389388" id="IAS39_X1951" scope="local" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 7</xref>, the reference to <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001/IAS32_TOC0001_V2" base="F77793912" id="IAS39_X1952" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 32</xref> is replaced by a reference to <xref href="../ifrs07/IFRS07_TOC.dita" base="F389473" id="IAS39_X1953" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 7</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0029" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5796" class="- topic/p ">In this Standard, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0035" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5802" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ias37/IAS37_39.dita#IAS37_39" base="F19045363" id="IAS39_X1954" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 37, paragraph 39</xref> contains guidance on how to determine the best estimate in a range of possible outcomes.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0036" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5803" class="- topic/p ">The same materiality considerations apply in this context as apply throughout IFRSs.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0037" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5804" class="- topic/p ">The same materiality considerations apply in this context as apply throughout IFRSs.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0038" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5805" class="- topic/p ">The Standard permits an entity to designate any amount of the available qualifying assets or liabilities, ie in this example any amount of assets between CU0 and CU100.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0039" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5806" class="- topic/p ">see paragraph 49</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0040" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5807" class="- topic/p ">CU30 ÷ (CU100 – CU40) = 50 per cent</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0041" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5808" class="- topic/p ">The Standard permits an entity to designate any amount of the available qualifying assets or liabilities, ie in this example any amount of assets between CU0 and CU100.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0042" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5809" class="- topic/p ">CU30 ÷ (CU100 – CU40) = 50 per cent</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0043" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5810" class="- topic/p ">see <xref href="IAS39_77.dita#IAS39_77" base="F16151452" id="IAS39_X1955" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 77</xref> and <xref href="IAS39_AG94.dita#IAS39_AG94" base="F16151453" id="IAS39_X1956" class="- topic/xref ">AG94</xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0044" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5811" class="- topic/p ">see <xref href="IAS39_75.dita#IAS39_75" base="F16151455" id="IAS39_X1957" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 75</xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0045" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5812" class="- topic/p ">The same materiality considerations apply in this context as apply throughout IFRSs.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0046" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5813" class="- topic/p ">In this example principal cash flows have been scheduled into time periods but the related interest cash flows have been included when calculating the change in the fair value of the hedged item. Other methods of scheduling assets and liabilities are also possible. Also, in this example, monthly repricing time periods have been used. An entity may choose narrower or wider time periods.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0047" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5814" class="- topic/p ">In this example monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0048" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5815" class="- topic/p ">The example uses a swap as the hedging instrument. An entity may use forward rate agreements or other derivatives as hedging instruments.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0049" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5816" class="- topic/p ">see <xref href="IAS39_IE8.dita#IAS39_IE8" base="F16154694" id="IAS39_X1958" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph IE8</xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0050" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5817" class="- topic/p ">ie CU20,047,408 – CU20,000,000. See <xref href="IAS39_IE7.dita#IAS39_IE7" base="F16154695" id="IAS39_X1959" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph IE7</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0051" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5818" class="- topic/p ">This example does not show how amounts of interest income and interest expense are calculated.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0052" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5819" class="- topic/p ">The amount realised on sale of the asset is the fair value of a prepayable asset, which is less than the fair value of the equivalent non‑prepayable asset shown in <xref href="IAS39_IE7.dita#IAS39_IE7" base="F16154734" id="IAS39_X1960" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph IE7</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0053" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5820" class="- topic/p ">CU47,408 × 40 per cent</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0054" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5821" class="- topic/p ">The entity could instead enter into an offsetting swap with a notional principal of CU12 million to adjust its position and designate as the hedging instrument all CU20 million of the existing swap and all CU12 million of the new offsetting swap.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0055" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5822" class="- topic/p ">CU19.2 million – (8<sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">1</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">3</sub>% × CU19.2 million)</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0056" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5823" class="- topic/p ">CU41,718 × (CU8 million ÷ CU17.6 million)</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0057" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5824" class="- topic/p ">CU41,718 – CU18,963</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0058" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5825" class="- topic/p ">CU23,795 [see <xref href="IAS39_IE8.dita#IAS39_IE8" base="F16154804" id="IAS39_X1962" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph IE8</xref>] × (CU8 million ÷ CU20 million)</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0059" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5826" class="- topic/p ">CU20,023,795 [see <xref href="IAS39_IE7.dita#IAS39_IE7" base="F16154805" id="IAS39_X1963" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph IE7</xref>] × (CU8 million ÷ CU20 million)</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0060" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5827" class="- topic/p ">CU22,755 ÷ 2</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0061" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5828" class="- topic/p ">CU22,755 ÷ 2</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0062" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5829" class="- topic/p ">In this guidance, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0065" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5832" class="- topic/p ">CU100,000/(1 + [0.0688/4]) </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0066" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5833" class="- topic/p ">CU100,000/(1 + [0.08/4]) </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0067" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5834" class="- topic/p ">The forward interest rates are computed from the spot interest rates and rounded for the purposes of the presentation. Computations that are based on the forward interest rates are made based on the actual computed forward rate and then rounded for the purposes of the presentation.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0068" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5835" class="- topic/p ">In 2011 the Board’s project on fair value measurement resulted in the relocation of the requirements for measuring fair value to IFRS 13.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0069" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5836" class="- topic/p ">In October 2012 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F28804240" id="IAS39_X1964" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10</xref>, <xref href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_TOC.dita#IFRS12_TOC0001" base="F28804241" id="IAS39_X1965" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 12</xref> and <xref href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001" base="F28804242" id="IAS39_X1966" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 27</xref>), which amended paragraph 2(g) to clarify that the exception should only apply to forward contracts that result in a business combination within the scope of IFRS 3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0070" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5837" class="- topic/p ">In this Basis for Conclusions, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0071" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5838" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">SIC‑12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidation—Special Purpose Entities</ph></ph> was withdrawn and superseded by <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 10</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> issued in May 2011. There is no longer specific accounting guidance for special purpose entities because IFRS 10 applies to all types of entities.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0072" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5839" class="- topic/p ">As a consequence of the revision of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> in 2007 these other gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0073" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5840" class="- topic/p ">In August 2005, the IASB relocated all disclosures relating to financial instruments to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0074" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5841" class="- topic/p ">In August 2005, the IASB relocated all disclosures relating to financial instruments to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0075" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5842" class="- topic/p ">In August 2005, the IASB relocated all disclosures relating to financial instruments to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0076" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5843" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value and contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0077" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5844" class="- topic/p ">In August 2005, the IASB relocated all disclosures relating to financial instruments to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0078" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5845" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, describes the objective of a fair value measurement of a liability.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0079" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5846" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, resulted in the relocation of paragraphs BC93 and BC94 of IAS 39 to paragraphs BCZ102 and BCZ103 of IFRS 13. As a consequence minor necessary edits have been made to that material.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0080" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5847" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0081" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5848" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a consequence in Appendix A of IAS 39 paragraphs AG69–AG75, AG76A–AG79 and AG82 have been deleted and paragraphs AG76, AG80 and AG81 have been amended.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0082" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5849" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0083" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5850" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, states that a fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell an asset or to transfer a liability takes place in the principal market, or in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0084" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5851" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, states that fair value is measured using the price within the bid-ask spread that is most representative of fair value in the circumstances.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0085" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5852" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, permits an exception to the fair value measurement requirements when an entity manages its financial assets and financial liabilities on the basis of the entity’s net exposure to market risks or the credit risk of a particular counterparty, allowing the entity to measure the fair value of its financial instruments on the basis of the entity’s net exposure to either of those risks.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0086" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5853" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains a three-level fair value hierarchy for the inputs used in the valuation techniques used to measure fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0087" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5854" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, describes when a transaction price might not represent the fair value of an asset or a liability at initial recognition.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0088" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5855" class="- topic/p ">FASB Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 157 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurements</ph></ph> (SFAS 157) superseded EITF Issue No. 02‑3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Issues Involved in Accounting for Derivative Contracts Held for Trading Purposes and Involved in Energy Trading and Risk Management Activities</ph></ph> (Topic 820 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph> in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">FASB Accounting Standards Codification®</ph></ph> codified SFAS 157). As a result, IFRSs and US GAAP have different requirements for when an entity may recognise a gain or loss when there is a difference between fair value and the transaction price at initial recognition.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0089" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5856" class="- topic/p ">As a consequence of the revision of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> in 2007 these other gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0090" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5857" class="- topic/p ">In August 2005, the IASB relocated all disclosures relating to financial instruments to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0091" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5858" class="- topic/p ">In August 2005, the IASB relocated all disclosures relating to financial instruments to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0092" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5859" class="- topic/p ">In August 2005, the IASB relocated all disclosures relating to financial instruments to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0093" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5860" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value and contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0094" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5861" class="- topic/p ">In August 2005, the IASB relocated all disclosures relating to financial instruments to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0095" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5862" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, describes the objective of a fair value measurement of a liability.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0096" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5863" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, resulted in the relocation of paragraphs BC93 and BC94 of IAS 39 to paragraphs BCZ102 and BCZ103 of IFRS 13. As a consequence minor necessary edits have been made to that material.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0097" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5864" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0098" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5865" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a consequence in Appendix A of IAS 39 paragraphs AG69–AG75, AG76A–AG79 and AG82 have been deleted and paragraphs AG76, AG80 and AG81 have been amended. <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2010–2012 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in December 2013, added paragraph BC138A to the Basis for Conclusions on IFRS 13 to clarify the IASB’s reason for deleting paragraph AG79.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0099" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5866" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0100" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5867" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, states that a fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell an asset or to transfer a liability takes place in the principal market, or in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0101" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5868" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, states that fair value is measured using the price within the bid-ask spread that is most representative of fair value in the circumstances.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0102" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5869" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, permits an exception to the fair value measurement requirements when an entity manages its financial assets and financial liabilities on the basis of the entity’s net exposure to market risks or the credit risk of a particular counterparty, allowing the entity to measure the fair value of its financial instruments on the basis of the entity’s net exposure to either of those risks.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0103" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5870" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains a three-level fair value hierarchy for the inputs used in the valuation techniques used to measure fair value.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0104" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5871" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, describes when a transaction price might not represent the fair value of an asset or a liability at initial recognition.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0105" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5872" class="- topic/p ">FASB Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 157 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurements</ph></ph> (SFAS 157) superseded EITF Issue No. 02‑3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Issues Involved in Accounting for Derivative Contracts Held for Trading Purposes and Involved in Energy Trading and Risk Management Activities</ph></ph> (Topic 820 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph> in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">FASB Accounting Standards Codification®</ph></ph> codified SFAS 157). As a result, IFRSs and US GAAP have different requirements for when an entity may recognise a gain or loss when there is a difference between fair value and the transaction price at initial recognition. </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0106" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5873" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines a Level 1 input as a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IAS 39 refers to such equity instruments as ‘an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0107" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5874" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> are to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0108" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5875" class="- topic/p ">now paragraph 4.40 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0109" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5876" class="- topic/p ">now paragraph 4.49 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0110" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5877" class="- topic/p ">As a consequence of the revision of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> in 2007 such changes are recognised in other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0111" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5878" class="- topic/p ">As a consequence of the revision of <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F16153982" id="IAS39_X1967" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> in 2007 such gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0112" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5879" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> deletes the guidance in IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0113" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5880" class="- topic/p ">As a consequence of the revision of <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F16154158" id="IAS39_X1968" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> in 2007 such gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0114" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5881" class="- topic/p ">see Q&amp;A F.6.1 and F.6.2</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0115" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5882" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> deleted the guidance on implementing IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0116" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5883" class="- topic/p ">see <xref href="IAS39_AG105.dita#IAS39_AG105" base="F16154257" id="IAS39_X1969" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 39, paragraph AG105</xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0117" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5884" class="- topic/p ">see IAS 39, <xref href="IAS39_78.dita#IAS39_78" base="F16458339" id="IAS39_X1970" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 78</xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0118" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5885" class="- topic/p ">see <xref href="IAS39_83.dita#IAS39_83" base="F16154259" id="IAS39_X1971" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 39, paragraph 83</xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0119" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5886" class="- topic/p ">see <xref href="IAS39_AG101.dita#IAS39_AG101" base="F16154289" id="IAS39_X1972" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 39, paragraph AG101</xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0120" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5887" class="- topic/p ">see <xref href="IAS39_89.dita#IAS39_89/IAS39_89_V1" base="F19328708" id="IAS39_X1973" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 39, paragraph 89(b)</xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0121" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5888" class="- topic/p ">see <xref href="IAS39_92.dita#IAS39_92" base="F16154292" id="IAS39_X1974" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 39, paragraph 92</xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0122" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5889" class="- topic/p ">Subject to the same materiality considerations that apply in this context as throughout IFRSs.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0123" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5890" class="- topic/p ">see IAS 39, paragraph AG76</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0124" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5891" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0125" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5892" class="- topic/p ">see IAS 39, paragraph 49</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0126" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5893" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0127" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5894" class="- topic/p ">see paragraph 49</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0128" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5895" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0129" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5896" class="- topic/p ">see <xref href="IAS39_84.dita#IAS39_84" base="F16154329" id="IAS39_X1975" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 39, paragraph 84</xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0130" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5897" class="- topic/p ">see <xref href="IAS39_AG101.dita#IAS39_AG101" base="F16154330" id="IAS39_X1976" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 39, paragraph AG101</xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0131" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5898" class="- topic/p ">see Guidance on Implementing IAS 39, Question and Answer F.6.3</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0132" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5899" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> deleted the guidance on implementing IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0133" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5900" class="- topic/p ">see IAS 39, paragraph 79</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0134" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5901" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001" base="F69114307" id="IAS39_X1977" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 9</xref> eliminated the category of held-to-maturity.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0135" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5902" class="- topic/p ">see IAS 39, paragraphs 11 and AG30(g)</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0136" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5903" class="- topic/p ">see IAS 39, paragraph 12</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0137" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5904" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 replaced IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0138" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5905" class="- topic/p ">see <xref href="IAS39_92.dita#IAS39_92" base="F16154516" id="IAS39_X1978" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 92</xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0139" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5906" class="- topic/p ">see <xref href="IAS39_AG105.dita#IAS39_AG105" base="F16154559" id="IAS39_X1979" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph AG105</xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0140" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5907" class="- topic/p ">In this context, the term ‘novation’ indicates that the parties to a derivative agree that one or more clearing counterparties replace their original counterparty to become the new counterparty to each of the parties. For this purpose, a clearing counterparty is a central counterparty or an entity or entities, for example, a clearing member of a clearing organisation or a client of a clearing member of a clearing organisation, that are acting as counterparty in order to effect clearing by a central counterparty.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0141" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5908" class="- topic/p ">In this context, the term ‘novation’ indicates that the parties to a derivative agree that one or more clearing counterparties replace their original counterparty to become the new counterparty to each of the parties. For this purpose, a clearing counterparty is a central counterparty or an entity or entities, for example, a clearing member of a clearing organisation or a client of a clearing member of a clearing organisation, that are acting as counterparty in order to effect clearing by a central counterparty.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0142" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5909" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 replaced IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0143" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5910" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 replaced IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0144" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5911" class="- topic/p ">As a consequence of the revision of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> in 2007 such gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0145" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5912" class="- topic/p ">As a consequence of the revision of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> in 2007 such an increase is recognised in other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0146" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5913" class="- topic/p ">As a consequence of the revision of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> in 2007 such a gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0147" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5914" class="- topic/p ">In August 2005, the IASB relocated all disclosures relating to financial instruments to IFRS 7 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph>. </p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_FN0148" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS39_P5915" class="- topic/p ">As a result of the revision of IFRS 1 in November 2008, paragraph 27 became paragraph B2.</p>       </fn> <fn id="IAS39_BC223_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p class="- topic/p ">The report, 'Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks', is available at <xref href="http://www.fsb.org/wp-content/uploads/r_140722.pdf" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">http://www.fsb.org/wp-content/uploads/r_140722.pdf</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_BC272_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p class="- topic/p ">For the purpose of applying the exception in <xref href="IAS39_102E.dita" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 102E of IAS 39</xref> to a discontinued hedging relationship, the amendments require an entity to cease applying the exception at the earlier of (a) as described above and (b) when the entire amount that had been recognised in other comprehensive income with respect to the hedging relationship has been reclassified to profit or loss. See paragraph 102K of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS39_BC280_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p class="- topic/p ">In this scenario, the entity would first consider the accounting consequences of amending the contractual terms of the hedging instrument. The Board will consider the accounting consequences of the actual amendment of financial instruments as a result of interest rate benchmark reform in the next phase of this project (ie the replacement phase).</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>