<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS39_101" principles="yes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">101</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 39" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="101" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body outputclass="bold" class="- topic/body "><variant base="SL24159636" id="IAS39_101_V2" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant ">       <p id="IAS39_P0654" class="- topic/p ">In any of the following circumstances an entity shall discontinue prospectively the hedge accounting specified in <xref href="IAS39_95.dita#IAS39_95" base="SL24159637" id="IAS39_X0600" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 95–100</xref>: </p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="SL24159638" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS39_L0065" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL24159640" id="IAS39_P0655" class="- topic/p ">The hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised. In this case, the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument that has been recognised in other comprehensive income from the period when the hedge was effective (see <xref href="IAS39_95.dita#IAS39_95" base="SL24159643" id="IAS39_X0601" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 95(a)</xref>) shall remain separately in equity until the forecast transaction occurs. When the transaction occurs, <xref href="IAS39_97.dita#IAS39_97" base="SL24159645" id="IAS39_X0602" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 97</xref>, <xref href="IAS39_98.dita#IAS39_98" base="F24159646" id="IAS39_X0603" class="- topic/xref ">98</xref> or <xref href="IAS39_100.dita#IAS39_100" base="F24159647" id="IAS39_X0604" class="- topic/xref ">100</xref> applies. For the purpose of this subparagraph, the replacement or rollover of a hedging instrument into another hedging instrument is not an expiration or termination if such replacement or rollover is part of the entity’s documented hedging strategy. Additionally, for the purpose of this subparagraph there is not an expiration or termination of the hedging instrument if:                        </p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F24159602" type="lower-roman" id="IAS39_L0066" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>               <p base="F24159603" id="IAS39_P0656" class="- topic/p ">as a consequence of laws or regulations or the introduction of laws or regulations,                                  the parties to the hedging instrument agree that one or more clearing counterparties replace their original counterparty to become the new counterparty to each of the parties. For this purpose, a clearing counterparty is a central counterparty (sometimes called a ‘clearing organisation’ or ‘clearing agency’) or an entity or entities, for example, a clearing member of a clearing organisation or a client of a clearing member of a clearing organisation, that are acting as counterparty in order to effect clearing by a central counterparty. However, when the parties to the hedging instrument replace their original counterparties with different counterparties this paragraph shall apply only if each of those parties effects clearing with the same central counterparty.                                </p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>               <p base="F24159605" id="IAS39_P0657" class="- topic/p ">other changes, if any, to the hedging instrument are limited to those that are necessary to effect such a replacement of the counterparty. Such changes are limited to those that are consistent with the terms that would be expected if the hedging instrument were originally cleared with the clearing counterparty. These changes include changes in the collateral requirements, rights to offset receivables and payables balances, and charges levied.                                </p>             </li></ol>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL24159649" id="IAS39_P0658" class="- topic/p ">The hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting in <xref href="IAS39_88.dita#IAS39_88" base="SL24159651" id="IAS39_X0610" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 88</xref>. In this case, the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument that has been recognised in other comprehensive income from the period when the hedge was effective (see <xref href="IAS39_95.dita#IAS39_95" base="F24159655" id="IAS39_X0611" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 95(a)</xref>) shall remain separately in equity until the forecast transaction occurs. When the transaction occurs, <xref href="IAS39_97.dita#IAS39_97" base="F24159656" id="IAS39_X0612" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 97</xref>, <xref href="IAS39_98.dita#IAS39_98" base="F24159657" id="IAS39_X0613" class="- topic/xref ">98</xref> or <xref href="IAS39_100.dita#IAS39_100" base="F24159658" id="IAS39_X0614" class="- topic/xref ">100</xref> applies.</p>                    </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p base="SL24159663" id="IAS39_P0660" class="- topic/p ">The forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, in which case any related cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument that has been recognised in other comprehensive income from the period when the hedge was effective (see <xref href="IAS39_95.dita#IAS39_95" base="SL24159665" id="IAS39_X0616" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 95(a)</xref>) shall be reclassified from equity to profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment. A forecast transaction that is no longer highly probable (see <xref href="IAS39_88.dita#IAS39_88" base="SL24159672" id="IAS39_X0617" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 88(c)</xref>) may still be expected to occur.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>           <p base="SL24159674" id="IAS39_P0661" class="- topic/p ">The entity revokes the designation. For hedges of a forecast transaction, the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument that has been recognised in other comprehensive income from the period when the hedge was effective (see <xref href="IAS39_95.dita#IAS39_95" base="SL24159676" id="IAS39_X0618" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 95(a)</xref>) shall remain separately in equity until the forecast transaction occurs or is no longer expected to occur. When the transaction occurs, <xref href="IAS39_97.dita#IAS39_97" base="SL24159677" id="IAS39_X0619" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 97</xref>, <xref href="IAS39_98.dita#IAS39_98" base="F24159678" id="IAS39_X0620" class="- topic/xref ">98</xref> or <xref href="IAS39_100.dita#IAS39_100" base="F24159679" id="IAS39_X0621" class="- topic/xref ">100</xref> applies. If the transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss that had been recognised in other comprehensive income shall be reclassified from equity to profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment.</p>         </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>