<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS39_AG114" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">AG114</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 39" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="AG114" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant base="SL19045598" id="IAS39_AG114_V2" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant ">       <p id="IAS39_P1248" class="- topic/p ">For a fair value hedge of interest rate risk associated with a portfolio of financial assets or financial liabilities, an entity would meet the requirements of this Standard if it complies with the procedures set out in (a)–(i) and paragraphs AG115–AG132 below.</p>       <ol outputclass="static" base="SL19045603" type="lower-alpha" id="IAS39_L0103" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p base="SL19045605" id="IAS39_P1249" class="- topic/p ">As part of its risk management process the entity identifies a portfolio of items whose interest rate risk it wishes to hedge. The portfolio may comprise only assets, only liabilities or both assets and liabilities. The entity may identify two or more portfolios, in which case it applies the guidance below to each portfolio separately.</p>                    </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p base="SL19045609" id="IAS39_P1251" class="- topic/p ">The entity analyses the portfolio into repricing time periods based on expected, rather than contractual, repricing dates. The analysis into repricing time periods may be performed in various ways including scheduling cash flows into the periods in which they are expected to occur, or scheduling notional principal amounts into all periods until repricing is expected to occur.</p>                    </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p base="SL19045613" id="IAS39_P1253" class="- topic/p ">On the basis of this analysis, the entity decides             the amount it wishes to hedge. The entity designates as the hedged                 item an             amount of assets or liabilities (but not a net amount) from the identified portfolio             equal to the amount it wishes to designate as being hedged. This amount also determines             the percentage measure that is used for testing effectiveness in accordance with <xref href="IAS39_AG126.dita#IAS39_AG126" base="F19045616" id="IAS39_X1012" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph AG126(b)</xref>.</p>                    </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value>           <p base="SL19045620" id="IAS39_P1255" class="- topic/p ">The entity designates the interest rate risk it is hedging. This risk could be a portion of the interest rate risk in each of the items in the hedged position, such as a benchmark interest rate (eg LIBOR).</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(e)</li_value>           <p base="SL19045622" id="IAS39_P1256" class="- topic/p ">The entity designates one or more hedging instruments for each repricing time period.</p>                    </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(f)</li_value>           <p base="SL19045627" id="IAS39_P1258" class="- topic/p ">Using the designations made in (c)–(e) above, the entity assesses at inception and in subsequent periods, whether the hedge is expected to be highly effective during the period for which the hedge is designated.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(g)</li_value>           <p base="SL19045629" id="IAS39_P1259" class="- topic/p ">Periodically, the entity measures the change in               the fair value of the hedged item (as designated in (c)) that is attributable to the             hedged risk (as designated in (d)), on the basis of the expected repricing dates             determined in (b). Provided that the hedge is determined actually to have been highly             effective when assessed using the entity’s documented method of assessing effectiveness,             the entity recognises the change in fair value of the hedged item as a gain or loss in             profit or loss and in one of two line items in the statement of financial position as             described in <xref href="IAS39_89A.dita#IAS39_89A" base="F19045633" id="IAS39_X1015" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 89A</xref>. The change in fair value need not be allocated to individual             assets or liabilities.</p>                    </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(h)</li_value>           <p base="SL19045640" id="IAS39_P1262" class="- topic/p ">The entity measures the change in fair value of the hedging instrument(s) (as designated in (e)) and recognises it as a gain or loss in profit or loss. The fair value of the hedging instrument(s) is recognised as an asset or liability in the statement of financial position.</p>                    </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>           <p base="SL19045646" id="IAS39_P1264" class="- topic/p ">Any ineffectiveness<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS39_FN0037" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> will be recognised in profit or loss as the difference between the change in fair value referred to in (g) and that referred to in (h).</p>                    </li></ol>     </variant></body></paragraph>