<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IFRS10_PRE"><title><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_number" outputclass="standard_number"/>  <ph conkeyref="standard_variables/standard_title" outputclass="standard_title"/></ph></title><body><p base="F17966171" id="IFRS10_P0001">In April 2001 the International Accounting Standards Board (Board) adopted IAS&#xa0;27 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements and Accounting for Investments in Subsidiaries</ph></ph>, which had originally been issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee in April 1989. IAS&#xa0;27 replaced most of IAS&#xa0;3 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> (issued in June 1976).</p><p base="F17966172" id="IFRS10_P0002">In December 2003, the Board amended and renamed IAS&#xa0;27 with a new title&#x2014;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements</ph></ph>. The amended IAS&#xa0;27 also incorporated the guidance contained in two related Interpretations (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidation&#x2011;Special Purpose Entities</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;33</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidation and Equity Method&#x2014;Potential Voting Rights and Allocation of Ownership Interests</ph></ph>).</p><p base="F17966174" id="IFRS10_P0003">In May 2011 the Board issued IFRS&#xa0;10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph> to supersede IAS&#xa0;27. IFRS&#xa0;12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities</ph></ph>, also issued in May 2011, replaced the disclosure requirements in IAS&#xa0;27. IFRS&#xa0;10 incorporates the guidance contained in two related Interpretations (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidation&#x2011;Special Purpose Entities</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">SIC&#x2011;33</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidation</ph></ph>).</p><p base="F18764043" id="IFRS10_P0004">In June 2012 IFRS&#xa0;10 was amended by <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements, Joint Arrangements and Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities: Transition Guidance</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS&#xa0;10, IFRS&#xa0;11 and IFRS&#xa0;12). These amendments clarified the transition guidance in IFRS&#xa0;10. Furthermore, these amendments provided additional transition relief in IFRS&#xa0;10, limiting the requirement to present adjusted comparative information to only the annual period immediately preceding the first annual period for which IFRS&#xa0;10 is applied.</p><variants id="IFRS10_P0005">              <p base="F25610428" id="IFRS10_P0005_V2">In October 2012 IFRS&#xa0;10 was amended by <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS&#xa0;10, IFRS&#xa0;12 and IAS&#xa0;27), which defined an investment entity and introduced an exception to consolidating particular subsidiaries for investment entities. It also introduced the requirement that an investment entity measures those subsidiaries at fair value through profit or loss in accordance with <xref base="F68118418" href="../ifrs09/IFRS09_TOC.dita#IFRS09_TOC0001" id="IFRS10_X0001"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph></xref> in its consolidated and separate&#xa0;financial statements. In addition, the amendments introduced new disclosure requirements for investment entities in IFRS&#xa0;12 and IAS&#xa0;27.</p>     </variants><variants id="IFRS10_P0007">       <p base="F38986652" id="IFRS10_P0007_V1">In December 2014 IFRS&#xa0;10 was amended by <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investment Entities: Applying the Consolidation Exception</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS&#xa0;10, IFRS&#xa0;12 and IAS&#xa0;28). These amendments clarified which subsidiaries of an investment entity should be consolidated instead of being measured at fair value through profit or loss. The amendments also clarified that the exemption from presenting consolidated financial statements continues to apply to subsidiaries of an investment entity that are themselves parent entities. This is so even if that subsidiary is measured at fair value through profit or loss by the higher level investment entity parent.</p>     </variants><variants id="IFRS10_P0008">              <p base="F75013063" id="IFRS10_P0008_V2">Other Standards have made minor consequential amendments to IFRS&#xa0;10, including <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2014&#x2013;2016 Cycle</ph></ph> (issued December 2016) and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in IFRS Standards</ph></ph> (issued March 2018).</p>     </variants></body></topic>