<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="F16127097" principles="no" id="IFRS10_B50"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B50</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 10"/><data name="paranum" value="B50"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS10_P0373">Substantive potential voting rights alone, or in combination with other rights, can give an investor the current ability to direct the relevant activities. For example, this is likely to be the case when an investor holds 40 per cent of the voting rights of an investee and, in accordance with <xref base="F16219321" href="IFRS10_B23.dita#IFRS10_B23" id="IFRS10_X0433">paragraph B23</xref>, holds substantive rights arising from options to acquire a further 20 per cent of the voting rights.</p><table base="F16127098" frame="all" orient="port" id="IFRS10_TAB0006"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1">               Application examples             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry colname="C1">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921961" id="IFRS10_P0375"><b>Example 9</b></p>                              <p base="F16127101" id="IFRS10_P0377">Investor A holds 70 per cent of the voting rights of an investee. Investor B has 30 per cent of the voting rights of the investee as well as an option to acquire half of investor A’s voting rights. The option is exercisable for the next two years at a fixed price that is deeply out of the money (and is expected to remain so for that two-year period). Investor A has been exercising its votes and is actively directing the relevant activities of the investee. In such a case, investor A is likely to meet the power criterion because it appears to have the current ability to direct the relevant activities. Although investor B has currently exercisable options to purchase additional voting rights (that, if exercised, would give it a majority of the voting rights in the investee), the terms and conditions associated with those options are such that the options are not considered substantive.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921963" id="IFRS10_P0378"><b>Example 10</b></p>                              <p base="F16127170" id="IFRS10_P0380">Investor A and two other investors each hold a third of the voting rights of an investee. The investee’s business activity is closely related to investor A. In addition to its equity instruments, investor A also holds debt instruments that are convertible into ordinary shares of the investee at any time for a fixed price that is out of the money (but not deeply out of the money). If the debt were converted, investor A would hold 60 per cent of the voting rights of the investee. Investor A would benefit from realising synergies if the debt instruments were converted into ordinary shares. Investor A has power over the investee because it holds voting rights of the investee together with substantive potential voting rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>