<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="F16126677" principles="no" id="IFRS10_B24"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B24</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 10"/><data name="paranum" value="B24"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS10_P0286">To be substantive, rights also need to be exercisable when decisions about the direction of the relevant activities need to be made. Usually, to be substantive, the rights need to be currently exercisable. However, sometimes rights can be substantive, even though the rights are not currently exercisable.</p><table base="F16126678" frame="all" orient="port" id="IFRS10_TAB0002"><tgroup cols="1"><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*"/><thead><row><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" valign="top">               Application examples             </entry></row></thead><tbody><row><entry colname="C1">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921941" id="IFRS10_P0290"><b>Example 3</b></p>               <p base="F16126682" id="IFRS10_P0291">The investee has annual shareholder meetings at which decisions to direct the relevant activities are made. The next scheduled shareholders’ meeting is in eight months. However, shareholders that individually or collectively hold at least 5 per cent of the voting rights can call a special meeting to change the existing policies over the relevant activities, but a requirement to give notice to the other shareholders means that such a meeting cannot be held for at least 30 days. Policies over the relevant activities can be changed only at special or scheduled shareholders’ meetings. This includes the approval of material sales of assets as well as the making or disposing of significant investments.</p>               <p base="F16126683" id="IFRS10_P0292">The above fact pattern applies to examples 3A–3D described below. Each example is considered in isolation.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921943" id="IFRS10_P0293"><b>Example 3A</b></p>               <p base="F16126699" id="IFRS10_P0294">An investor holds a majority of the voting rights in the investee. The investor’s voting rights are substantive because the investor is able to make decisions about the direction of the relevant activities when they need to be made. The fact that it takes 30 days before the investor can exercise its voting rights does not stop the investor from having the current ability to direct the relevant activities from the moment the investor acquires the shareholding.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921945" id="IFRS10_P0295"><b>Example 3B</b></p>               <p base="F16126701" id="IFRS10_P0296">An investor is party to a forward contract to acquire the majority of shares in the investee. The forward contract’s settlement date is in 25 days. The existing shareholders are unable to change the existing policies over the relevant activities because a special meeting cannot be held for at least 30 days, at which point the forward contract will have been settled. Thus, the investor has rights that are essentially equivalent to the majority shareholder in example 3A above (ie the investor holding the forward contract can make decisions about the direction of the relevant activities when they need to be made). The investor’s forward contract is a substantive right that gives the investor the current ability to direct the relevant activities even before the forward contract is settled.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921947" id="IFRS10_P0297"><b>Example 3C</b></p>               <p base="F16126729" id="IFRS10_P0298">An investor holds a substantive option to acquire the majority of shares in the investee that is exercisable in 25 days and is deeply in the money. The same conclusion would be reached as in example 3B.</p>             </entry></row><row><entry colname="C1">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F23921949" id="IFRS10_P0299"><b>Example 3D</b></p>               <p base="F16126732" id="IFRS10_P0300">An investor is party to a forward contract to acquire the majority of shares in the investee, with no other related rights over the investee. The forward contract’s settlement date is in six months. In contrast to the examples above, the investor does not have the current ability to direct the relevant activities. The existing shareholders have the current ability to direct the relevant activities because they can change the existing policies over the relevant activities before the forward contract is settled.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>