<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e8919" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IFRS05_FN0002" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0927" class="- topic/p ">For assets classified according to a liquidity presentation, non‑current assets are assets that include amounts expected to be recovered more than twelve months after the reporting period. <xref href="IFRS05_3.dita#IFRS05_3" base="SL209520" id="IFRS05_X0518" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 3</xref> applies to the classification of such assets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0003" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0928" class="- topic/p ">However, once the cash flows from an asset or group of assets are expected to arise principally from sale rather than continuing use, they become less dependent on cash flows arising from other assets, and a disposal group that was part of a cash‑generating unit becomes a separate cash‑generating unit.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0004" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0929" class="- topic/p ">Other than <xref href="IFRS05_18.dita#IFRS05_18" base="F18967927" id="IFRS05_X0519" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 18 and 19</xref>, which require the assets in question to be measured in accordance with other applicable IFRSs.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0005" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0930" class="- topic/p ">Other than paragraphs 18 and 19, which require the assets in question to be measured in accordance with other applicable IFRSs.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0006" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0931" class="- topic/p ">Other than paragraphs 18 and 19, which require the assets in question to be measured in accordance with other applicable IFRSs.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0008" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0941" class="- topic/p ">Costs to distribute are the incremental costs directly attributable to the distribution, excluding finance costs and income tax expense.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0012" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0951" class="- topic/p ">If the non‑current asset is part of a cash‑generating unit, its recoverable amount is the carrying amount that would have been recognised after the allocation of any impairment loss arising on that cash‑generating unit in accordance with <xref href="../IAS36.ditamap" base="F396552" id="IFRS05_X0520" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 36</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0013" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0952" class="- topic/p ">Unless the asset is property, plant and equipment or an intangible asset that had been revalued in accordance with <xref href="../IAS16.ditamap" base="F396553" id="IFRS05_X0521" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 16</xref> or <xref href="../IAS38.ditamap" base="F396555" id="IFRS05_X0522" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38</xref> before classification as held for sale, in which case the adjustment shall be treated as a revaluation increase or decrease.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0014" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0953" class="- topic/p ">If the non‑current asset is part of a cash‑generating unit, its recoverable amount is the carrying amount that would have been recognised after the allocation of any impairment loss arising on that cash‑generating unit in accordance with <xref href="../IAS36.ditamap" base="F37054725" id="IFRS05_X0523" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 36</xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0015" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0954" class="- topic/p ">Unless the asset is property, plant and equipment or an intangible asset that had been revalued in accordance with <xref href="../IAS16.ditamap" base="F37054732" id="IFRS05_X0524" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 16</xref> or <xref href="../IAS38.ditamap" base="F37054733" id="IFRS05_X0525" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 38</xref> before classification as held for sale, in which case the adjustment shall be treated as a revaluation increase or decrease.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0018" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0963" class="- topic/p ">In this guidance, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0019" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0964" class="- topic/p ">In this guidance, monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0020" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0965" class="- topic/p ">The required analysis would be given in the notes.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0021" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0966" class="- topic/p ">An amount of CU400 relating to these assets has been recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0022" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0967" class="- topic/p ">An amount of CU400 relating to these assets has been recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0023" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0968" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IFRS 5 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0024" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0969" class="- topic/p ">In <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph> issued in May 2008 the Board amended IAS 41: the term ‘estimated point‑of‑sale costs’ was replaced by ‘costs to sell’. IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value                  and contains the requirements for measuring fair value. </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0025" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0970" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IFRS 5 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0026" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0971" class="- topic/p ">In <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph> issued in May 2008 the Board amended IAS 41: the term ‘estimated point‑of‑sale costs’ was replaced by ‘costs to sell’. IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value                  and contains the requirements for measuring fair value. </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0027" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0972" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IFRS 5 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0028" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0973" class="- topic/p ">In <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph> issued in May 2008 the Board amended IAS 41: the term ‘estimated point‑of‑sale costs’ was replaced by ‘costs to sell’. IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value                  and contains the requirements for measuring fair value. </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0029" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0974" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>, issued in May 2017, replaced IFRS 4. In developing IFRS 17, the Board concluded that fair value could be determined for insurance contracts. Nonetheless, groups of insurance contracts within the scope of IFRS 17 that are assets are excluded from the measurement requirements of IFRS 5.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0030" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0975" class="- topic/p ">Paragraphs BC14A–BC14E were added as a consequence of amendments to IFRS 5 by <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph> issued in April 2009.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0031" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0976" class="- topic/p ">This section and paragraphs BC77A and BC79A were added as a consequence of amendments to IFRS 5 by <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph> issued in May 2008.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0032" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0977" class="- topic/p ">The consolidation requirements in IAS 27 were superseded, and the definition of control was consequently revised, by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F16164869" id="IFRS05_X0529" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. The requirement to consolidate a subsidiary until control is lost did not change.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0033" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0978" class="- topic/p ">The consolidation requirements in IAS 27 were superseded, and the definition of control was consequently revised, by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F21342544" id="IFRS05_X0530" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. The requirement to consolidate a subsidiary until control is lost did not change. In October 2012 the Board issued <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Entities</ph></ph> (Amendments to <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F24731257" id="IFRS05_X0531" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10</xref>, <xref href="../ifrs12/IFRS12_TOC.dita#IFRS12_TOC0001" base="F24731258" id="IFRS05_X0532" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 12</xref> and <xref href="../ias27/IAS27_TOC0001.dita#IAS27_TOC0001" base="F24731259" id="IFRS05_X0533" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 27</xref>), which required investment entities, as defined in IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph>, to measure their investments in subsidiaries, other than those providing investment-related services or activities, at fair value through profit or loss.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0034" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0979" class="- topic/p ">As a consequence of the revision of <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F15830597" id="IFRS05_X0534" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> (as revised in 2007) such a difference is recognised in other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0035" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0980" class="- topic/p ">In their joint project on the application of the acquisition method, the Board and the FASB clarified that the classification of assets acquired in a business combination as held for sale should be based on the acquirer’s perspective. Therefore, the acquirer would have to satisfy the criteria in <xref href="IFRS05_6.dita#IFRS05_6" base="F15830385" id="IFRS05_X0535" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 6–11 of IFRS 5</xref> at the acquisition date in order to classify assets acquired as held for sale on initial recognition.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0036" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0981" class="- topic/p ">The consolidation requirements in IAS 27 were superseded by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F16164871" id="IFRS05_X0536" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. IFRS 10 does not contain an exception from consolidation for subsidiaries acquired and held exclusively with a view to resale. </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0037" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0982" class="- topic/p ">Greater disaggregation of the disposal group in the statement of financial position is permitted but not required.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0038" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0983" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IFRS 5 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0039" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0984" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> eliminated the category of held-for-trading financial assets. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IFRS 5 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0040" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0985" class="- topic/p ">Greater disaggregation of the disposal group in the statement of financial position is permitted but not required.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0041" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0986" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> eliminated the category of available-for-sale financial assets. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IFRS 5 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0042" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0987" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> are to IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> with the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>. Paragraphs 12 and 15 were superseded by Chapter 1 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Conceptual Framework</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0043" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0988" class="- topic/p ">References to the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework</ph></ph> in this Basis for Conclusions are to the IASC’s <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Standard was developed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0044" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0989" class="- topic/p ">In September 2007 the title of IAS 10 was amended from <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Events after the Balance Sheet Date</ph></ph> to <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Events after the Reporting Period</ph></ph> as a consequence of the revision of IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> in 2007.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0045" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0990" class="- topic/p "><xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F15830552" id="IFRS05_X0537" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> (as revised in 2007) requires an entity to present all income and expense items in one statement of comprehensive income or in two statements (a separate income statement and a statement of comprehensive income).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0046" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0991" class="- topic/p ">The consolidation requirements in IAS 27 were superseded by <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" base="F16164872" id="IFRS05_X0538" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 10 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> issued in May 2011. Paragraph 45(c) in IAS 27 was moved to <xref href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_C6.dita#IFRS10_C6" base="F16164873" id="IFRS05_X0539" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph C6(c) of IFRS 10</xref>; however, the transition provisions were not changed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0047" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0992" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines fair value and contains the requirements for measuring fair value. </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0048" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0993" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IFRS 5 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS05_FN0049" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS05_P0994" class="- topic/p ">As a consequence of the revision of <xref href="../ias01/IAS01_TOC.dita#IAS01_TOC0001" base="F15830722" id="IFRS05_X0540" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref> (as revised in 2007) such differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>