<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS05_0007" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title base="SL160621" level="2" id="IFRS05_0007_TI" class="- topic/title ">Example 7</title><body class="- topic/body "><p base="SL160622" id="IFRS05_P0223" class="- topic/p ">An entity is committed to a plan to sell a non‑current asset and classifies the asset as held for sale at that date. </p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL160623" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS05_L0027" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL160625" id="IFRS05_P0224" class="- topic/p ">During the initial one‑year period, the market conditions that existed at the date the asset was classified initially as held for sale deteriorate and, as a result, the asset is not sold by the end of that period. During that period, the entity actively solicited but did not receive any reasonable offers to purchase the asset and, in response, reduced the price. The asset continues to be actively marketed at a price that is reasonable given the change in market conditions, and the criteria in <xref href="IFRS05_7.dita#IFRS05_7" base="F15831233" id="IFRS05_X0305" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 7 and 8</xref> are therefore met. In that situation, the conditions in <xref href="IFRS05_B1.dita#IFRS05_B1" base="F15831235" id="IFRS05_X0306" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B1(c)</xref> for an exception to the one‑year requirement in <xref href="IFRS05_8.dita#IFRS05_8" base="F15831234" id="IFRS05_X0307" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 8</xref> would be met. At the end of the initial one‑year period, the asset would continue to be classified as held for sale.                    </p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL160627" id="IFRS05_P0225" class="- topic/p ">During the following one‑year period, market conditions deteriorate further, and the asset is not sold by the end of that period. The entity believes that the market conditions will improve and has not further reduced the price of the asset. The asset continues to be held for sale, but at a price in excess of its current fair value. In that situation, the absence of a price reduction demonstrates that the asset is not available for immediate sale as required by <xref href="IFRS05_7.dita#IFRS05_7" base="F15831008" id="IFRS05_X0309" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 7</xref>. In addition, <xref href="IFRS05_8.dita#IFRS05_8" base="F15831059" id="IFRS05_X0310" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 8</xref> also requires an asset to be marketed at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value. Therefore, the conditions in <xref href="IFRS05_B1.dita#IFRS05_B1" base="F15831181" id="IFRS05_X0311" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B1(c)</xref> for an exception to the one‑year requirement in <xref href="IFRS05_8.dita" id="IFRS05_X0312" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 8</xref> would not be met. The asset would be reclassified as held and used in accordance with <xref href="IFRS05_26.dita" base="F15831232" scope="local" id="IFRS05_X0313" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 26</xref>.</p>       </li></ol></body></topic>