<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS05_0003" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title base="SL160600" id="IFRS05_0003_TI" level="2" class="- topic/title ">Example 3</title><body class="- topic/body "><p base="SL160601" id="IFRS05_P0214" class="- topic/p ">An entity acquires through foreclosure a property comprising land and buildings that it intends to sell. </p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL160602" id="IFRS05_L0025" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL160604" id="IFRS05_P0215" class="- topic/p ">The entity does not intend to transfer the property to a buyer until after it completes renovations to increase the property’s sales value. The delay in the timing of the transfer of the property imposed by the entity (seller) demonstrates that the property is not available for immediate sale. The criterion in <xref href="IFRS05_7.dita#IFRS05_7" base="F15831006" id="IFRS05_X0287" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 7</xref> would not be met until the renovations are completed.</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL160606" id="IFRS05_P0216" class="- topic/p ">After the renovations are completed and the property is classified as held for sale                      but before a firm purchase commitment is obtained, the entity becomes aware of environmental damage requiring remediation. The entity still intends to sell the property. However, the entity does not have the ability to transfer the property to a buyer until after the remediation is completed. The delay in the timing of the transfer of the property imposed by others before a firm purchase commitment is obtained demonstrates that the property is not available for immediate sale. The criterion in <xref href="IFRS05_7.dita#IFRS05_7" base="F15831176" id="IFRS05_X0289" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 7</xref> would not continue to be met. The property would be reclassified as held and used in accordance with <xref base="F15831057" id="IFRS05_X0290" keyref="IFRS05_26" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 26</xref>.</p>       </li></ol></body></topic>