<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS05_0014" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title base="SL160656" id="IFRS05_0014_TI" level="2" class="- topic/title ">Example 13</title><body class="- topic/body "><p base="SL160657" id="IFRS05_P0673" class="- topic/p ">Entity A acquires an entity H, which is a holding company with two subsidiaries, S1 and S2. S2 is acquired exclusively with a view to sale and meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale.  In accordance with <xref href="IFRS05_32.dita#IFRS05_32" base="F15831280" id="IFRS05_X0342" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 32(c)</xref>, S2 is also a discontinued operation.</p><p base="SL160658" id="IFRS05_P0674" class="- topic/p ">The fair value less costs to sell of S2 is CU135. A accounts for S2 as follows: </p><ul base="SL160659" id="IFRS05_L0028" class="- topic/ul "><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="SL160661" id="IFRS05_P0675" class="- topic/p ">initially, A measures the identifiable liabilities of           S2 at fair value, say at CU40</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="SL160663" id="IFRS05_P0676" class="- topic/p ">initially, A measures the acquired assets as the fair           value less costs to sell of S2 (CU135) plus the fair value of the identifiable liabilities           (CU40), ie at CU175</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="SL160665" id="IFRS05_P0677" class="- topic/p ">at the end of the reporting period, A remeasures the           disposal group at the lower of its cost and fair value less costs to sell, say at CU130.           The liabilities are remeasured in accordance with applicable IFRSs, say at CU35. The total           assets are measured at CU130 + CU35, ie at CU165</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="SL160667" id="IFRS05_P0678" class="- topic/p ">at the end of the reporting period, A presents the           assets and liabilities separately from other assets and liabilities in its consolidated           financial statements as illustrated in Example 12 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Presenting non‑current assets             or disposal groups classified as held for sale</i>, and</p>       </li><li class="- topic/li ">         <p base="SL160669" id="IFRS05_P0679" class="- topic/p ">in the statement of comprehensive income, A presents           the total of the post‑tax profit or loss of S2 and the post‑tax gain or loss           recognised on the subsequent remeasurement of S2, which equals the remeasurement of the           disposal group from CU135 to CU130.</p>       </li></ul><p base="SL160670" id="IFRS05_P0680" class="- topic/p ">Further analysis of the assets and liabilities or of the change in value of the disposal group is not required.</p></body></topic>