<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS12_8" base="SL29993" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">8</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 12" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="8" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS12_P0051" class="- topic/p ">The tax base of a liability is its carrying amount, less any amount that will be deductible for tax purposes in respect of that liability in future periods. In the case of revenue which is received in advance, the tax base of the resulting liability is its carrying amount, less any amount of the revenue that will not be taxable in future periods. </p><table outputclass="ruled" id="IAS12_TAB0002" base="SL77434" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="5*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="95*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> Examples</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0053" base="SL143783" class="- topic/p ">1</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0054" base="SL143784" class="- topic/p ">Current liabilities include accrued expenses with a carrying amount of 100. The related expense will be deducted for tax purposes on a cash basis. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The tax base of the accrued expenses is nil</i>.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0055" base="SL143785" class="- topic/p ">2</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0056" base="SL143786" class="- topic/p ">Current liabilities include interest revenue received in advance, with a carrying amount of 100. The related interest revenue was taxed on a cash basis. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The tax base of the interest received in advance is nil</i>.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0057" base="SL143787" class="- topic/p ">3</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0058" base="SL143788" class="- topic/p ">Current liabilities include accrued expenses with a carrying amount of 100. The related expense has already been deducted for tax purposes. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The tax base of the accrued expenses is 100</i>.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0059" base="SL143789" class="- topic/p ">4</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0060" base="SL143790" class="- topic/p ">Current liabilities include accrued fines and penalties with a carrying amount of 100. Fines and penalties are not deductible for tax purposes. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The tax base of the accrued fines and penalties is 100</i>.<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS12_FN0007" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0061" base="SL143791" class="- topic/p ">5</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0062" base="SL143792" class="- topic/p ">A loan payable has a carrying amount of 100. The repayment of the loan will have no tax consequences. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The tax base of the loan is 100</i>.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>