<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS12_22" base="SL30009" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">22</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 12" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="22" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv base="IAS2021-3" class="- topic/bodydiv ">     <p id="IAS12_P0123" class="- topic/p ">A temporary difference may arise on initial recognition of an asset or liability, for example if part or all of the cost of an asset will not be deductible for tax purposes. The method of accounting for such a temporary difference depends on the nature of the transaction that led to the initial recognition of the asset or liability: </p>     <ol outputclass="static" id="IAS12_L0013" base="SL143836" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>         <p id="IAS12_P0124" base="SL143838" class="- topic/p ">in a business combination, an entity recognises any deferred tax liability or asset and this affects the amount of goodwill or bargain purchase gain it recognises (see <xref href="IAS12_g19-19.dita#IAS12_g19_19" id="IAS12_X0150" base="F16451855" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 19</xref>);</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P0125" base="SL143840" class="- topic/p ">if the transaction affects either accounting profit or taxable profit, or gives rise             to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, an entity             recognises any deferred tax liability or asset and recognises the resulting deferred               tax expense or income in profit or             loss (see <xref href="IAS12_59.dita#IAS12_59" id="IAS12_X0151" base="A12-207" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 59</xref>);</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>         <p id="IAS12_P0126" base="SL143842" class="- topic/p ">if the transaction is not a business combination, affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, an entity would, in the absence of the exemption provided by <xref href="IAS12_g15-45.dita#IAS12_g15_45/IAS12_g15_45_TI" id="IAS12_X0152" base="F1246150" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 15</xref> and <xref href="IAS12_g24-33.dita#IAS12_g24_33/IAS12_g24_33_TI" id="IAS12_X0153" base="F1246151" class="- topic/xref ">24</xref>, recognise the resulting deferred tax liability or asset and adjust the carrying amount of the asset or liability by the same amount. Such adjustments would make the financial statements less transparent. Therefore, this Standard does not permit an entity to recognise the resulting deferred tax liability or asset, either on initial recognition or subsequently (see example below). Furthermore, an entity does not recognise subsequent changes in the unrecognised deferred tax liability or asset as the asset is depreciated.</p></li></ol>     <table outputclass="ruled" base="SL77436" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/entry ">               Example illustrating <xref href="#IAS12_22" id="IAS12_X0154" base="SL176415" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 22(c)</xref></entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p id="IAS12_P0128" base="SL143843" class="- topic/p ">An entity intends to use an asset which cost 1,000 throughout its useful life of five years and then dispose of it for a residual value of nil. The tax rate  is 40%. Depreciation of the asset is not deductible for tax purposes. On disposal, any capital gain would not be taxable and any capital loss would not be deductible.</p>               <p id="IAS12_P0129" base="SL143844" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">As it recovers the carrying amount of the asset, the entity will earn taxable income of 1,000 and pay tax of 400. The entity does not recognise the resulting deferred tax liability of 400 because it results from the initial recognition of the asset</i>.</p>               <p id="IAS12_P0130" base="SL143845" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">In the following year, the carrying amount of the asset is 800. In earning taxable income of 800, the entity will pay tax of 320. The entity does not recognise the deferred tax liability of 320 because it results from the initial recognition of the asset.</i></p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>   </bodydiv></body></paragraph>