<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS12_7" base="SL29992" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">7</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 12" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="7" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS12_P0036" class="- topic/p ">The tax base of an asset is the amount that will be deductible for tax purposes against any taxable economic benefits that will flow to an entity when it recovers the carrying amount of the asset. If those economic benefits will not be taxable, the tax base of the asset is equal to its carrying amount.</p><p id="IAS12_P0039" class="- topic/p "> </p><table outputclass="ruled" id="IAS12_TAB0001" base="SL77433" frame="all" orient="port" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="5*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec colnum="2" colname="C2" colwidth="95*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry namest="C1" nameend="C2" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> Examples</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0041" base="SL143773" class="- topic/p ">1</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0042" base="SL143774" class="- topic/p ">A machine cost 100. For tax purposes, depreciation of 30 has already been deducted in the current and prior periods and the remaining cost will be deductible in future periods, either as depreciation or through a deduction on disposal. Revenue generated by using the machine is taxable, any gain on disposal of the machine will be taxable and any loss on disposal will be deductible for tax purposes. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The tax base of the machine is 70</i>.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0043" base="SL143775" class="- topic/p ">2</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0044" base="SL143776" class="- topic/p ">Interest receivable has a carrying amount of 100. The related interest revenue will be taxed on a cash basis. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The tax base of the interest receivable is nil</i>.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0045" base="SL143777" class="- topic/p ">3</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0046" base="SL143778" class="- topic/p ">Trade receivables have a carrying amount of 100. The related revenue has already been included in taxable profit (tax loss). <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The tax base of the trade receivables is 100</i>.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0047" base="SL143779" class="- topic/p ">4</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0048" base="SL143780" class="- topic/p ">Dividends receivable from a subsidiary have a carrying amount of 100. The dividends are not taxable. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">In substance, the entire carrying amount of the asset is deductible against the economic benefits. Consequently, the tax base of the dividends receivable is 100</i>.<xref keyref="footnotes/IAS12_FN0006" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0049" base="SL143781" class="- topic/p ">5</p></entry><entry colname="C2" align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IAS12_P0050" base="SL143782" class="- topic/p ">A loan receivable has a carrying amount of 100. The repayment of the loan will have no tax consequences. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The tax base of the loan is 100</i>.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>