<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS12_52B_example" outputclass="orphan" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title "/><body class="- topic/body "><variants class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variants ">                      <table outputclass="ruled" base="SL67035065" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">                     Example illustrating <xref href="IAS12_52A.dita#IAS12_52A" base="F67035067" id="IAS12_X0262" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 52A</xref> and <xref href="IAS12_57A.dita#IAS12_57A/IAS12_57A_V1" base="F67035054" id="IAS12_X0263" class="- topic/xref ">57A</xref>                   </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">                     <p base="SL67035069" id="IAS12_P0335" class="- topic/p ">The following example deals with the measurement of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities for an entity in a jurisdiction where income taxes                                              are payable at a higher rate on undistributed profits (50%) with an amount being refundable when profits are distributed. The tax rate on distributed profits is 35%. At the end of the reporting period, 31 December 20X1, the entity does not recognise a liability for dividends proposed or declared after the reporting period.                                              As a result, no dividends are recognised in the year 20X1. Taxable income for 20X1 is 100,000. The net taxable temporary difference for the year 20X1 is 40,000.</p>                     <p base="SL67035075" id="IAS12_P0336" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The entity recognises a current tax liability and a current income tax expense of 50,000. No asset is recognised for the amount potentially recoverable as a result of future dividends. The entity also recognises a deferred tax liability and deferred tax expense of 20,000 (40,000 at 50%) representing the income taxes that the entity will pay when it recovers or settles the carrying amounts of its assets and liabilities based on the tax rate applicable to undistributed profits</i>.</p>                     <p base="SL67035078" id="IAS12_P0337" class="- topic/p ">Subsequently, on 15 March 20X2 the entity recognises dividends of 10,000 from previous operating profits as a liability.                                            </p>                     <p base="SL67035081" id="IAS12_P0338" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">On 15 March 20X2, the entity recognises the recovery of income taxes of 1,500 (15% of the dividends recognised as a liability) as a current tax asset and as a reduction of current income tax expense for 20X2.</i></p>                   </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></variants></body></topic>