<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IAS12_5" base="SL29990" principles="yes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">5</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IAS 12" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="5" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body outputclass="bold" class="- topic/body "><p id="IAS12_P0016" class="- topic/p ">The following terms are used in this Standard with the meanings specified: </p><p id="IAS12_P0017" base="SL143752" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting profit</i> is profit or loss for a period before deducting tax expense.</p><p id="IAS12_P0018" base="SL143753" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Taxable profit</i> (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">tax loss</i>) is the profit (loss) for a period, determined in accordance with the rules established by the taxation authorities, upon which income taxes  are payable (recoverable).</p><p id="IAS12_P0019" base="SL143754" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Tax expense</i> (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">tax income</i>) is the aggregate amount included in the determination of profit or loss for the period in respect of current tax and deferred tax.</p><p id="IAS12_P0020" base="SL143755" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Current tax</i> is the amount of income taxes  payable (recoverable) in respect of the taxable profit (tax loss) for a period.</p><p id="IAS12_P0021" base="SL143756" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Deferred tax liabilities</i> are the amounts of income taxes  payable in future periods in respect of taxable temporary differences.</p><p id="IAS12_P0022" base="SL143757" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Deferred tax assets</i> are the amounts of income taxes  recoverable in future periods in respect of:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS12_L0002" base="SL143758" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS12_P0023" base="SL143760" class="- topic/p ">deductible temporary differences;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS12_P0024" base="SL143762" class="- topic/p ">the carryforward of unused tax losses; and</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IAS12_P0025" base="SL143764" class="- topic/p ">the carryforward of unused tax credits.</p></li></ol><p id="IAS12_P0026" base="SL143765" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Temporary differences</i> are differences between the carrying amount of an asset or liability in the statement of financial position and its tax base. Temporary differences may be either:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IAS12_L0003" base="SL143766" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IAS12_P0027" base="SL143768" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">taxable temporary differences</i>, which are temporary differences that will result in taxable amounts in determining taxable profit (tax loss) of future periods when the carrying amount of the asset or liability is recovered or settled; or</p> </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IAS12_P0030" base="SL143770" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">deductible temporary differences</i>, which are temporary differences that will result in amounts that are deductible in determining taxable profit (tax loss) of future periods when the carrying amount of the asset or liability is recovered or settled.</p> </li></ol><p id="IAS12_P0033" base="SL143771" class="- topic/p ">The <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">tax base</i> of an asset or liability is the amount attributed to that asset or liability for tax purposes.</p></body></paragraph>