<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="Edu_d5e18727" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Edu Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn base="IAS12_2" id="IAS12_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2559" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, March 2006, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>–Scope’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC considered whether to give guidance on which taxes are within the scope of IAS 12. The IFRIC noted that IAS 12 applies to income taxes, which are defined as taxes that are based on <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">taxable profit</i>. That implies that (i) not all taxes are within the scope of IAS 12 but (ii) because taxable profit is not the same as accounting profit, taxes do not need to be based on a figure that is exactly accounting profit to be within the scope. The latter point is also implied by the requirement in IAS 12 to disclose an explanation of the relationship between tax expense and accounting profit. The IFRIC further noted that the term ‘taxable profit’ implies a notion of a net rather than a gross amount. Finally, the IFRIC observed that any taxes that are not in the scope of IAS 12 are in the scope of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 37</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph>.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">However, the IFRIC also noted the variety of taxes that exist world-wide and the need for judgement in determining whether some taxes are income taxes. The IFRIC therefore believed that guidance beyond the observations noted above could not be developed in a reasonable period of time and decided not to take a project on this issue onto its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_2" id="IAS12_FN0002" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS12_P2560" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, May 2009, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Classification of tonnage taxes’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC received a request for guidance on whether a tax based on tonnage capacity can be considered an income tax in accordance with IAS 12. The IFRIC noted that the term ‘tonnage tax’ is applied to a variety of tax regimes. In some jurisdictions, shipping companies are permitted to choose to be taxed on the basis of tonnage transported, tonnage capacity or a notional profit instead of the standard corporate income tax regulations. In some jurisdictions, this choice is irrevocable.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC has previously noted that IAS 12 applies to income taxes, which are defined as taxes that are based on taxable profit, and that the term ‘taxable profit’ implies a notion of a net rather than a gross amount. Taxes either on tonnage transported or tonnage capacity are based on gross rather than net amounts. Taxes on a notional income derived from tonnage capacity are not based on the entity’s actual income and expenses.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">Consequently, the IFRIC noted that such taxes would not be considered income taxes in accordance with IAS 12 and would not be presented as part of tax expense in the statement of comprehensive income. However, the IFRIC also noted that, in accordance with paragraph 85 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, an entity subject to tonnage tax would present additional subtotals in that statement if that presentation is relevant to an understanding of its financial performance. Given the requirements of IAS 12, the IFRIC decided not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_2" id="IAS12_FN0003" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS12_P2561" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, July 2012, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Presentation of payments on non-income taxes’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRS Interpretations Committee received a request seeking clarification of whether production-based royalty payments payable to one taxation authority that are claimed as an allowance against taxable profit for the computation of income tax payable to another taxation authority should be presented as an operating expense or a tax expense in the statement of comprehensive income.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">As the basis for this request, the submitter assumed that the production-based royalty payments are, in themselves, outside the scope of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph> while the income tax payable to the other taxation authority is within the scope of IAS 12. On the basis of this assumption, the submitter asks the Committee to clarify whether the production-based royalty payments can be viewed as prepayment of the income tax payable. The Committee used the same assumption when discussing the issue.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee observed that the line item of ‘tax expense’ that is required by paragraph 82(d) of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> is intended to require an entity to present taxes that meet the definition of income taxes under IAS 12. The Committee also noted that it is the basis of calculation determined by the relevant tax rules that determines whether a tax meets the definition of an income tax. Neither the manner of settlement of a tax liability nor the factors relating to recipients of the tax is a determinant of whether an item meets that definition.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee further noted that the production-based royalty payments should not be treated differently from other expenses that are outside the scope of IAS 12, all of which may reduce income tax payable. Accordingly, the Committee observed that it is inappropriate to consider the royalty payments to be prepayment of the income tax payables. Because the production-based royalties are not income taxes, the royalty payments should not be presented as an income tax expense in the statement of comprehensive income.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee considered that, in the light of its analysis of the existing requirements of IAS 1 and IAS 12, an interpretation was not necessary and consequently decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_2" id="IAS12_FN0004" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS12_P2562" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, September 2017, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Interest and penalties related to income taxes’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">IFRS Standards do not specifically address the accounting for interest and penalties related to income taxes (interest and penalties). In the light of the feedback received on the draft IFRIC Interpretation <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments</ph></ph>, the Committee considered whether to add a project on interest and penalties to its standard-setting agenda.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">On the basis of its analysis, the Committee concluded that a project on interest and penalties would not result in an improvement in financial reporting that would be sufficient to outweigh the costs. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a project on interest and penalties to its standard-setting agenda.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">Nonetheless, the Committee observed that entities do not have an accounting policy choice between applying IAS 12 and applying <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 37</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph> to interest and penalties. Instead, if an entity considers a particular amount payable or receivable for interest and penalties to be an income tax, then the entity applies IAS 12 to that amount. If an entity does not apply IAS 12 to a particular amount payable or receivable for interest and penalties, it applies IAS 37 to that amount. An entity discloses its judgement in this respect applying paragraph 122 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> if it is part of the entity’s judgements that had the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.</p>       <p id="IAS12_P2563" class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 79 of IAS 12 requires an entity to disclose the major components of tax expense (income); for each class of provision, paragraphs 84–85 of IAS 37 require a reconciliation of the carrying amount at the beginning and end of the reporting period as well as other information. Accordingly, regardless of whether an entity applies IAS 12 or IAS 37 when accounting for interest and penalties, the entity discloses information about those interest and penalties if it is material.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee also observed it had previously published agenda decisions discussing the scope of IAS 12 in March 2006 and May 2009.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_7" id="IAS12_FN0005" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS12_P2564" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, July 2012, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Accounting for market value uplifts on assets that are to be introduced by a new income tax regime’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRS Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify the accounting for market value uplifts introduced in a new income tax regime in a jurisdiction.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">In calculating taxable profit under the tax regime, entities are permitted to calculate tax depreciation for certain mining assets using the market value of the assets as of a particular date as the ‘starting base allowance’, rather than the cost or carrying amount of the assets. If there is insufficient profit against which the annual tax depreciation can be used, it is carried forward and is able to be used as a deduction against taxable profit in future years.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee noted that the starting base allowance, including the part that is attributable to the market value uplift, is attributed to the related assets under the tax regime and will become the basis for depreciation expense for tax purposes. Consequently, the market value uplift forms part of the related asset’s ‘tax base’, as defined in paragraph 5 of IAS 12. The Committee observed that IAS 12 requires an entity to reflect an adjustment to the tax base of an asset that is due to an increase in the deductions available as a deductible temporary difference. Accordingly, the Committee noted that a deferred tax asset should be recognised to the extent that it meets the recognition criteria in paragraph 24 of IAS 12.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee considered that, in the light of its analysis of the existing requirements of IAS 12, an interpretation was not necessary and consequently decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS12_FN0008" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS12_P2567" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, July 2014, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="stadnard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—recognition of deferred tax for a single asset in a corporate wrapper’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify the accounting for deferred tax in the consolidated financial statements of the parent, when a subsidiary has only one asset within it (the asset inside) and the parent expects to recover the carrying amount of the asset inside by selling the shares in the subsidiary (the shares).</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2568" class="- topic/p ">paragraph 11 of IAS 12 requires the entity to determine temporary differences in the consolidated financial statements by comparing the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements with the appropriate tax base. In the case of an asset or a liability of a subsidiary that files separate tax returns, this is the amount that will be taxable or deductible on the recovery (settlement) of the asset (liability) in the tax returns of the subsidiary.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2569" class="- topic/p ">the requirement in paragraph 11 of IAS 12 is complemented by the requirement in paragraph 38 of IAS 12 to determine the temporary difference related to the shares held by the parent in the subsidiary by comparing the parent’s share of the net assets of the subsidiary in the consolidated financial statements, including the carrying amount of goodwill, with the tax base of the shares for purposes of the parent’s tax returns.</p>         </li></ol>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2570" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee also noted that these paragraphs require a parent to recognise both the deferred tax related to the asset inside and the deferred tax related to the shares, if:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2571" class="- topic/p ">tax law attributes separate tax bases to the asset inside and to the shares;</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2572" class="- topic/p ">in the case of deferred tax assets, the related deductible temporary differences can be utilised as specified in paragraphs 24–31 of IAS 12; and</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2573" class="- topic/p ">no specific exceptions in IAS 12 apply.</p>         </li></ol>       <p id="IAS12_P2574" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that several concerns were raised with respect to the current requirements in IAS 12. However, analysing and assessing these concerns would require a broader project than the Interpretations Committee could perform on behalf of the IASB.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to take the issue onto its agenda but instead to recommend to the IASB that it should analyse and assess these concerns in its research project on Income Taxes.]</p>       </fn>              <fn base="IAS12_10" id="EDUFN_ad2020_april_ap2_IAS12_short" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, April 	2020, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Multiple Tax Consequences of Recovering an Asset’</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about deferred tax when the recovery of the carrying amount of an asset gives rise to multiple tax consequences. ...</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">[The agenda decision references the fundamental principle set out in paragraph 10 of IAS 12. The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after <xref href="IAS12_51.dita#IAS12_51" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 51 of IAS 12</xref>.]]</p></fn>                <fn base="IAS12_11" id="IAS12_FN0010" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2576" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, May 2014, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Impact of an internal reorganisation on deferred tax amounts related to goodwill’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request for guidance on the calculation of deferred tax following an internal reorganisation of an entity. The submitter describes a situation in which an entity (Entity H) recognised goodwill that had resulted from the acquisition of a group of assets (Business C) that meets the definition of a business in <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph>. Entity H subsequently recorded a deferred tax liability relating to goodwill deducted for tax purposes. Against this background, Entity H effects an internal reorganisation in which:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">Entity H set up a new wholly-owned subsidiary (Subsidiary A);</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">Entity H transfers Business C, including the related (accounting) goodwill to Subsidiary A; however,</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">for tax purposes, the (tax) goodwill is retained by Entity H and not transferred to Subsidiary A.</p>         </li></ol>       <p class="- topic/p ">The submitter asked how Entity H should calculate deferred tax following this internal reorganisation transaction in its consolidated financial statements in accordance with IAS 12.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that when entities in the same consolidated group file separate tax returns, separate temporary differences will arise in those entities in accordance with paragraph 11 of IAS 12. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee noted that when an entity prepares its consolidated financial statements, deferred tax balances would be determined separately for those temporary differences, using the applicable tax rates for each entity’s tax jurisdiction.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee also noted that when calculating the deferred tax amount for the consolidated financial statements:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">the amount used as the carrying amount by the ‘receiving’ entity (in this case, Subsidiary A that receives the (accounting) goodwill) for an asset or a liability is the amount recognised in the consolidated financial statements; and</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">the assessment of whether an asset or a liability is being recognised for the first time for the purpose of applying the initial recognition exception described in paragraphs 15 and 24 of IAS 12 is made from the perspective of the consolidated financial statements.</p>         </li></ol>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that transferring the goodwill to Subsidiary A would not meet the initial recognition exception described in paragraphs 15 and 24 of IAS 12 in the consolidated financial statements. Consequently, it noted that deferred tax would be recognised in the consolidated financial statements for any temporary differences arising in each separate entity by using the applicable tax rates for each entity’s tax jurisdiction (subject to meeting the recoverability criteria for recognising deferred tax assets described in IAS 12).</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee also noted that if there is a so-called ‘outside basis difference’ (ie a temporary difference between the carrying amount of the investment in Subsidiary A and the tax base of the investment) in the consolidated financial statements, deferred tax for such a temporary difference would also be recognised subject to the limitations and exceptions applying to the recognition of a deferred tax asset (in accordance with paragraph 44 of IAS 12) and a deferred tax liability (in accordance with paragraph 39 of IAS 12).</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee also noted that transferring assets between the entities in the consolidated group would affect the consolidated financial statements in terms of recognition, measurement and presentation of deferred tax, if the transfer affects the tax base of assets or liabilities, or the tax rate applicable to the recovery or settlement of those assets or liabilities. The Interpretations Committee also noted that such a transfer could also affect:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">the recoverability of any related deductible temporary differences and thereby affect the recognition of deferred tax assets; and</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">the extent to which deferred tax assets and liabilities of different entities in the group are offset in the consolidated financial statements.</p>         </li></ol>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee considered that, in the light of its analysis, the existing IFRS requirements and guidance were sufficient and, therefore, an Interpretation was not necessary. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_12" id="IAS12_FN0011" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS12_P2577" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, July 2014, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—recognition of current income tax on uncertain tax position’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify the recognition of a tax asset in the situation in which tax laws require an entity to make an immediate payment when a tax examination results in an additional charge, even if the entity intends to appeal against the additional charge. In the situation described by the submitter, the entity expects, but is not certain, to recover some or all of the amount paid. The Interpretations Committee was asked to clarify whether IAS 12 is applied to determine whether to recognise an asset for the payment, or whether the guidance in IAS 37 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph> should be applied.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2578" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2579" class="- topic/p ">paragraph 12 of IAS 12 provides guidance on the recognition of current tax assets and current tax liabilities. In particular, it states that: (i) current tax for current and prior periods shall, to the extent unpaid, be recognised as a liability; and (ii) if the amount already paid in respect of current and prior periods exceeds the amount due for those periods, the excess shall be recognised as an asset.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2580" class="- topic/p ">in the specific fact pattern described in the submission, an asset is recognised if the amount of cash paid (which is a certain amount) exceeds the amount of tax expected to be due (which is an uncertain amount).</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2581" class="- topic/p ">the timing of payment should not affect the amount of current tax expense recognised.</p>         </li></ol>       <p id="IAS12_P2582" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee understood that the reference to IAS 37 in paragraph 88 of IAS 12 in respect of tax-related contingent liabilities and contingent assets may have been understood by some to mean that IAS 37 applied to the recognition of such items. However, the Interpretations Committee noted that paragraph 88 of IAS 12 provides guidance only on disclosures required for such items, and that IAS 12, not IAS 37, provides the relevant guidance on recognition, as described above.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">On the basis of this analysis, the Interpretations Committee noted that sufficient guidance exists. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee concluded that the agenda criteria are not met and decided to remove from its agenda the issue of how current income tax, the amount of which is uncertain, is recognised.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_15" id="IAS12_FN0012" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2583" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, June 2005, Agenda Decision, ‘IAS 12 Deferred tax relating to finance leases’</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC considered the treatment of deferred tax relating to assets and liabilities arising from finance leases.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">While noting that there is diversity in practice in applying the requirements of IAS 12 to assets and liabilities arising from finance leases, the IFRIC agreed not to develop any guidance because the issue falls directly within the scope of the Board’s short-term convergence project on income taxes with the FASB.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_15" id="IAS12_FN0013" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS12_P2584" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, March 2017, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Recognition of deferred taxes when acquiring a single-asset entity that is not a business’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a submission questioning how, in its consolidated financial statements, an entity accounts for a transaction in which it acquires all the shares of another entity that has an investment property as its only asset. In the fact pattern submitted, the acquiree had recognised in its statement of financial position a deferred tax liability arising from measuring the investment property at fair value. The amount paid for the shares is less than the fair value of the investment property because of the associated deferred tax liability. The transaction described in the submission does not meet the definition of a business combination in <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 3</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Business Combinations</ph></ph> because the acquired entity is not a business. The acquiring entity applies the fair value model in <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 40</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Investment Property</ph></ph>. The submitter asked whether the requirements in paragraph 15(b) of IAS 12 permit the acquiring entity to recognise a deferred tax liability on initial recognition of the transaction. If this is not the case, the submitter asked the Committee to consider whether the requirements in paragraph 15(b) of IAS 12 should be amended so that, in these circumstances, the acquiring entity would not recognise a gain on measuring the investment property at fair value immediately after initial recognition of the transaction.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee noted that:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2585" class="- topic/p ">because the transaction is not a business combination, paragraph 2(b) of IFRS 3 requires the acquiring entity, in its consolidated financial statements, to allocate the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed; and</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2586" class="- topic/p ">paragraph 15(b) of IAS 12 says that an entity does not recognise a deferred tax liability for taxable temporary differences that arise from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting profit or loss nor taxable profit (tax loss).</p>         </li></ol>       <p id="IAS12_P2587" class="- topic/p ">Accordingly, on acquisition, the acquiring entity recognises only the investment property and not a deferred tax liability in its consolidated financial statements. The acquiring entity therefore allocates the entire purchase price to the investment property.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that the requirements in IFRS Standards provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine how to account for the transaction. The Committee also concluded that any reconsideration of the initial recognition exception in paragraph 15(b) of IAS 12 is something that would require a Board-level project. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this matter to its standard-setting agenda.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee noted that the Board had recently considered whether to add a project on IAS 12 to the Board’s agenda but had decided not to do so. Consequently, the Committee did not recommend that the Board consider adding a project to its agenda on this topic.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_28" id="IAS12_FN0014" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2588" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, May 2014, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets when an entity is loss-making’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request for guidance on the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets when an entity is loss making. The Interpretations Committee was asked to clarify two issues:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">whether IAS 12 requires that a deferred tax asset is recognised for the carryforward of unused tax losses when there are suitable reversing taxable temporary differences, regardless of an entity’s expectations of future tax losses; and</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">how the guidance in IAS 12 is applied when tax laws limit the extent to which tax losses brought forward can be recovered against future taxable profits. In the tax systems considered for the second issue, the amount of tax losses brought forward that can be recovered in each tax year is limited to a specified percentage of the taxable profits of that year.</p>         </li></ol>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p "> The Interpretations Committee noted that according to paragraphs 28 and 35 of IAS 12:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "> <li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2589" class="- topic/p ">a deferred tax asset is recognised for the carryforward of unused tax losses to the extent of the existing taxable temporary differences, of an appropriate type, that reverse in an appropriate period. The reversal of those taxable temporary differences enables the utilisation of the unused tax losses and justifies the recognition of deferred tax assets. Consequently, future tax losses are not considered.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "> <li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2590" class="- topic/p ">when tax laws limit the extent to which unused tax losses can be recovered against future taxable profits in each year, the amount of deferred tax assets recognised from unused tax losses as a result of suitable existing taxable temporary differences is restricted as specified by the tax law. This is because when the suitable taxable temporary differences reverse, the amount of tax losses that can be utilised by that reversal is reduced as specified by the tax law. Also, in this case future tax losses are not considered.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">in both cases, if the unused tax losses exceed the amount of suitable existing taxable temporary differences (after taking into account any restrictions), an additional deferred tax asset is recognised only if the requirements in paragraphs 29 and 36 of IAS 12 are met (ie to the extent that it is probable that the entity will have appropriate future taxable profit, or to the extent that tax planning opportunities are available to the entity that will create appropriate taxable profit).</p>         </li></ol>       <p id="IAS12_P2591" class="- topic/p ">On the basis of this analysis, the Interpretations Committee concluded that neither an Interpretation nor an amendment to the Standard was needed and consequently decided not to add these issues to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_34" id="IAS12_FN0015" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS12_P2592" outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, June 2005, Agenda           Decision, ‘IAS 12 Carryforward of unused tax losses and tax credits’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC considered whether to provide guidance on how to apply the probability criterion for the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from the carryforward of unused tax losses and unused tax credits, and in particular whether the criterion should be applied to the amount of unused tax losses or unused tax credits taken as a whole or to portions of the total amount.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC decided not to develop any guidance because, in practice, the criterion is generally applied to portions of the total amount. The IFRIC was not aware of much diversity in practice.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_38" id="IAS12_FN0016" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS12_P2593" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, July 2014, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—recognition of deferred tax for a single asset in a corporate wrapper’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify the accounting for deferred tax in the consolidated financial statements of the parent, when a subsidiary has only one asset within it (the asset inside) and the parent expects to recover the carrying amount of the asset inside by selling the shares in the subsidiary (the shares).</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2594" class="- topic/p ">paragraph 11 of IAS 12 requires the entity to determine temporary differences in the consolidated financial statements by comparing the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements with the appropriate tax base. In the case of an asset or a liability of a subsidiary that files separate tax returns, this is the amount that will be taxable or deductible on the recovery (settlement) of the asset (liability) in the tax returns of the subsidiary.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2595" class="- topic/p ">the requirement in paragraph 11 of IAS 12 is complemented by the requirement in paragraph 38 of IAS 12 to determine the temporary difference related to the shares held by the parent in the subsidiary by comparing the parent’s share of the net assets of the subsidiary in the consolidated financial statements, including the carrying amount of goodwill, with the tax base of the shares for purposes of the parent’s tax returns.</p>         </li></ol>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2596" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee also noted that these paragraphs require a parent to recognise both the deferred tax related to the asset inside and the deferred tax related to the shares, if:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2597" class="- topic/p ">tax law attributes separate tax bases to the asset inside and to the shares;</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2598" class="- topic/p ">in the case of deferred tax assets, the related deductible temporary differences can be utilised as specified in paragraphs 24–31 of IAS 12; and</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2599" class="- topic/p ">no specific exceptions in IAS 12 apply.</p>         </li></ol>       <p id="IAS12_P2600" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that several concerns were raised with respect to the current requirements in IAS 12. However, analysing and assessing these concerns would require a broader project than the Interpretations Committee could perform on behalf of the IASB.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to take the issue onto its agenda but instead to recommend to the IASB that it should analyse and assess these concerns in its research project on Income Taxes.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_39" id="IAS12_FN0017" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2601" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, July 2007, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Deferred tax arising from unremitted foreign earnings’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC was asked to provide guidance on whether entities should recognise a deferred tax liability in respect of temporary differences arising because foreign income is not taxable unless remitted to the entity’s home jurisdiction. The foreign income in question did not arise in a foreign subsidiary, associate or joint venture.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The submission referred to paragraph 39 of IAS 12 and noted that, if the foreign income arose in a foreign subsidiary, branch, associate or interest in a joint venture and met the conditions in IAS 12 paragraph 39(a) and (b), no deferred tax liability would be recognised. The submission noted that IAS 12 does not include a definition of a branch. It therefore asked for guidance on what constituted a branch. Even if the income did not arise in a branch, the submission asked for clarity on whether the exception in paragraph 39 could be applied to other similar foreign income by analogy.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC noted that the Board was considering the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries, branches, associates and joint ventures as part of its Income Taxes project. As part of this project, the Board had tentatively decided to eliminate the notion of ‘branches’ from IAS 12 and to amend the wording for the exception for subsidiaries to restrict its application. The project team had been informed of the issue raised with the IFRIC.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">Since the issue was being addressed by a Board project that was expected to be completed in the near future, the IFRIC decided not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS12_39" id="EDUFN_ad2020_june_ap4_IAS12" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, June 2020, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Deferred Tax related to an Investment in a Subsidiary’</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about how an entity, in its consolidated financial statements, accounts for deferred tax related to its investment in a subsidiary. In the fact pattern described in the request:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">undistributed profits of the subsidiary give rise to a taxable temporary difference associated with the entity’s investment in the subsidiary.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">the entity has determined that the conditions in paragraph 39 of IAS 12 for applying the exception from recognising a deferred tax liability related to its investment in the subsidiary are not satisfied because the entity expects the subsidiary to distribute its profits (which are available for distribution) in the foreseeable future.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">the entity and subsidiary operate in a jurisdiction in which:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">i.</li_value>               <p class="- topic/p ">profits are taxable only when distributed—that is, the income tax rate applicable to undistributed profits is nil (undistributed tax rate).</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">ii.</li_value>               <p class="- topic/p ">a 20% tax rate applies to profit distributions (distributed tax rate). However, profit distributions made by the entity are not taxable to the extent that the subsidiary has already been taxed on that profit—that is, profit distributions are taxed only once.</p>             </li></ol>         </li></ol>       <p class="- topic/p ">The request asked whether the entity recognises a deferred tax liability for the taxable temporary difference associated with its investment in the subsidiary.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 39 of IAS 12 requires an entity to recognise a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, except to the extent that (a) the parent is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference; and (b) it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">In the fact pattern described in the request, there is a taxable temporary difference associated with the entity’s investment in the subsidiary. The entity has also determined that the recognition exception in paragraph 39 of IAS 12 does not apply because it is probable that the temporary difference will reverse in the foreseeable future when the subsidiary distributes its undistributed profits. Accordingly, the Committee concluded that the entity recognises a deferred tax liability for that taxable temporary difference.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 51 of IAS 12 requires an entity to reflect—in the measurement of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities—'the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the entity expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities’.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">In the fact pattern described in the request, the entity expects to recover the carrying amount of its investment in the subsidiary through distributions of profits by the subsidiary, which would be taxed at the distributed tax rate. Accordingly, the Committee concluded that, in applying paragraph 51 of IAS 12, the entity uses the distributed tax rate to measure the deferred tax liability related to its investment in the subsidiary.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee observed that, in the fact pattern described in the request, the entity does not apply paragraph 57A of IAS 12—that paragraph applies only in the context of dividends payable by the reporting entity. Further, paragraph 52A of IAS 12 does not apply to the measurement of a current or deferred tax asset or liability that itself reflects the tax consequences of a distribution of profits.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IAS 12 provide an adequate basis for an entity to account for deferred tax in the fact pattern described in the request. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add the matter to its standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS12_41" id="IAS12_FN0018" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2602" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, January 2016, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Recognition of deferred taxes for the effect of exchange rate changes’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a submission regarding the recognition of deferred taxes when the tax bases of an entity’s non-monetary assets and liabilities are determined in a currency that is different from its functional currency. The question is whether deferred taxes that result from exchange rate changes on the tax bases of non-current assets are recognised through profit or loss.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that paragraph 41 of IAS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph> states that when the tax base of a non-monetary asset or liability is determined in a currency that is different from the functional currency, temporary differences arise resulting in a deferred tax asset or liability. Such deferred tax does not arise from a transaction or event that is recognised outside profit or loss and is therefore charged or credited to profit or loss in accordance with paragraph 58 of IAS 12. Such deferred tax charges or credits would be presented with other deferred taxes, instead of with foreign exchange gains or losses, in the statement of profit or loss.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee also noted that paragraph 79 of IAS 12 requires the disclosure of the major components of tax expense (income). The Interpretations Committee observed that when changes in the exchange rate are the cause of a major component of the deferred tax charge or credit, an explanation of this in accordance with paragraph 79 of IAS 12 would help users of financial statements to understand the tax expense (income) for the period.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">In the light of existing IFRS requirements, the Interpretations Committee determined that neither an Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was necessary. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_47" id="IAS12_FN0019" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2603" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, February 2002, ‘Taxes—effective rates’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC discussed whether to address the tax rate to be used to measure deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities for entities that have low effective tax rates, eg because some income is exempt from tax. The IFRIC decided not to add this item to its agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS12_51" id="IAS12_FN0020" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS12_P2604" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, November 2005, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Single asset entities’</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC considered the application of IAS 12 to single asset entities, and whether the expected manner of recovery of the asset should in any circumstances reflect disposal of the entity rather than the asset.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC decided not to add this item to its agenda because the issue fell directly within the scope of the IASB’s Short‑term Convergence project.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_51" id="IAS12_FN0021" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS12_P2605" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, November 2016, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Expected manner of recovery of intangible assets with indefinite useful lives’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify how an entity determines the expected manner of recovery of an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life for the purposes of measuring deferred tax.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that paragraph 51 of IAS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph> states that the measurement of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets reflects the tax consequences that follow from the manner in which an entity expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee also noted the requirements in paragraph 88 of IAS 38 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Intangible Assets</ph></ph> regarding intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee observed that an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not a non-depreciable asset as envisaged by paragraph 51B of IAS 12. This is because a non-depreciable asset has an unlimited (or infinite) life, and IAS 38 explains that indefinite does not mean infinite. Consequently, the requirements in paragraph 51B of IAS 12 do not apply to intangible assets with an indefinite useful life.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted the Board’s observation about intangible assets with indefinite useful lives when the Board amended IAS 38 in 2004. The Board observed that an entity does not amortise an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life because there is no foreseeable limit on the period during which it expects to consume the future economic benefits embodied in the asset. Accordingly, amortisation over an arbitrarily determined maximum period would not be representationally faithful. The reason for non-amortisation of an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not because there is no consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in the asset.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee observed that an entity recovers the carrying amount of an asset in the form of economic benefits that flow to the entity in future periods, which could be through use or sale of the asset. Accordingly, the recovery of the carrying amount of an asset does not depend on whether the asset is amortised. Consequently, the fact that an entity does not amortise an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life does not necessarily mean that the entity will recover the carrying amount of that asset only through sale and not through use.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that an entity applies the principle and requirements in paragraphs 51 and 51A of IAS 12 when measuring deferred tax on an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life. In applying these paragraphs, an entity determines its expected manner of recovery of the carrying amount of the intangible asset with an indefinite useful life, and reflects the tax consequences that follow from that expected manner of recovery.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee concluded that the principle and requirements in paragraphs 51 and 51A of IAS 12 provide sufficient requirements to enable an entity to measure deferred tax on intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">In the light of existing requirements in IFRS Standards, the Interpretations Committee determined that neither an IFRIC Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was necessary. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS12_51" id="EDUFN_ad2020_april_ap2_IAS12" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, April 	2020, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Multiple Tax Consequences of Recovering an Asset’</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about deferred tax when the recovery of the carrying amount of an asset gives rise to multiple tax consequences. In the fact pattern described in the request:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">an entity acquires an intangible asset with a finite useful life (a licence) as part of a business combination. The carrying amount of the licence at initial recognition is CU100. The entity intends to recover the carrying amount of the licence through use, and the expected residual value of the licence at expiry is nil.</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">the applicable tax law prescribes two tax regimes: an income tax regime and a capital gains tax regime. Tax paid under both regimes meets the definition of income taxes in IAS 12. Recovering the licence’s carrying amount has both of the following tax consequences:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">i.</li_value>               <p class="- topic/p ">under the income tax regime—the entity pays income tax on the economic benefits it receives from recovering the licence’s carrying amount through use, but receives no tax deductions in respect of amortisation of the licence (taxable economic benefits from use); and</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">ii.</li_value>               <p class="- topic/p ">under the capital gains tax regime—the entity receives a tax deduction of CU100 when the licence expires (capital gain deduction).</p>             </li></ol>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">c.</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">the applicable tax law prohibits the entity from using the capital gain deduction to offset the taxable economic benefits from use in determining taxable profit.</p>         </li></ol>       <p class="- topic/p ">The request asked how the entity determines the tax base of the asset and, consequently, how it recognises and measures deferred tax.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p ">The fundamental principle in IAS 12</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The fundamental principle upon which IAS 12 is based (as stated in paragraph 10 of IAS 12) is that ‘an entity shall, with certain limited exceptions, recognise a deferred tax liability (asset) whenever recovery or settlement of the carrying amount of an asset or liability would make future tax payments larger (smaller) than they would be if such recovery or settlement were to have no tax consequences’.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p ">Applying the fundamental principle to the fact pattern</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The recovery of the asset’s carrying amount gives rise to two distinct tax consequences—it results in taxable economic benefits from use and a capital gain deduction that cannot be offset in determining taxable profit. Accordingly, applying the fundamental principle in IAS 12, an entity reflects separately these distinct tax consequences of recovering the asset’s carrying amount.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">An entity identifies temporary differences in a manner that reflects these distinct tax consequences by comparing:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">the portion of the asset’s carrying amount that will be recovered under one tax regime; to</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">the tax deductions the entity will receive under that same tax regime (which are reflected in the asset’s tax base).</p>         </li></ol>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">In the fact pattern described in the request, the Committee concluded that the entity identifies both:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">a.</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">a taxable temporary difference of CU100—the entity will recover the licence’s carrying amount (CU100) under the income tax regime, but will receive no tax deductions under that regime (that is, none of the tax base relates to deductions under the income tax regime); and</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">b.</li_value>           <p class="- topic/p ">a deductible temporary difference of CU100—the entity will not recover any part of the licence’s carrying amount under the capital gains tax regime, but will receive a deduction of CU100 upon expiry of the licence (that is, all of the tax base relates to deductions under the capital gains tax regime).</p>         </li></ol>       <p class="- topic/p ">The entity then applies the requirements in IAS 12 considering the applicable tax law in recognising and measuring deferred tax for the identified temporary differences.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IAS 12 provide an adequate basis for an entity to recognise and measure deferred tax in the fact pattern described in the request. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add the matter to its standard-setting agenda.</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS12_51_52A_57A" id="EDUFN_ad2020_june_ap4_IAS12_short" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, June	 2020, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Deferred Tax related to an Investment in a Subsidiary’</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Committee received a request about how an entity, in its consolidated financial statements, accounts for deferred tax related to its investment in a subsidiary. In the fact pattern described in the request ... the entity and subsidiary operate in a jurisdiction in which profits are taxable only when distributed...</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">[The agenda decision explains how an entity applies paragraph 51 of IAS 12 to the fact pattern and why the entity does not apply paragraphs 52A and 57A of IAS 12. The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after paragraph 39 of IAS 12.]] </p>       </fn>  <fn base="IAS12_51A" id="IAS12_FN0022" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2606" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, March 2015, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Selection of applicable tax rate for the measurement of deferred tax relating to an investment in an associate’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify the selection of the applicable tax rate for the measurement of deferred tax relating to an investment in an associate in a multi‑tax rate jurisdiction. The submitter asked how the tax rate should be selected when local tax legislation prescribes different tax rates for different manners of recovery (for example, dividends, sale, liquidation, etc). The submitter described a situation in which the carrying amount of an investment in an associate could be recovered by:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2607" class="- topic/p ">receiving dividends (or other distribution of profit);</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2608" class="- topic/p ">sale to a third party; or</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2609" class="- topic/p ">receiving residual assets upon liquidation of the associate.</p>         </li></ol>       <p id="IAS12_P2610" class="- topic/p ">The submitter stated that an investor normally considers all of these variants of recovery. One part of the temporary difference will be received as dividends during the holding period, and another part will be recovered upon sale or liquidation.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that paragraph 51A of IAS 12 states that an entity measures deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets using the tax rate and the tax base that are consistent with the expected manner of recovery or settlement. Accordingly, the tax rate should reflect the expected manner of recovery or settlement. If one part of the temporary difference is expected to be received as dividends, and another part is expected to be recovered upon sale or liquidation (for example, an investor has a plan to sell the investment later and expects to receive dividends until the sale of the investment), different tax rates would be applied to the parts of the temporary difference in order to be consistent with the expected manner of recovery.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee observed that it had received no evidence of diversity in the application of IAS 12 and that the Standard contains sufficient guidance to address the matters raised. Accordingly, the Interpretations Committee thought that neither an Interpretation of nor an amendment to IAS 12 was necessary.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_51A" id="IAS12_FN0023" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS12_P2611" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, November 2011, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Rebuttable presumption to determine the manner of recovery’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 51C of IAS 12 contains a rebuttable presumption, for the purposes of recognising deferred tax, that the carrying amount of an investment property measured at fair value will be recovered through sale. The Committee received a request to clarify whether that presumption can be rebutted in cases other than the case described in paragraph 51C.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that a presumption is a matter of consistently applying a principle (or an exception) in IFRSs in the absence of acceptable reasons to the contrary and that it is rebutted when there is sufficient evidence to overcome the presumption. Because paragraph 51C is expressed as a rebuttable presumption and because the sentence explaining the rebuttal of the presumption does not express the rebuttal as ‘if and only if’, the Committee thinks that the presumption in paragraph 51C of IAS 12 is rebutted in other circumstances as well, provided that sufficient evidence is available to support that rebuttal.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">Based on the rationale described above, the Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda.] </p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_52B_DELETED" id="IAS12_FN0024" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS12_P2612" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC®—Items not added to the agenda (February 2003): </p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC considered whether an entity should recognise a deferred tax asset on recognising an equity instrument, and whether the income tax benefit arising on any payments made under the instrument should be recognised in income or equity. The IFRIC agreed that the underlying issue was how to account for the tax consequences of distributions to external shareholders. In April 2003 the Board reaffirmed that the tax consequences of dividends are recognised when a liability to pay the dividend is recognised.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_53" id="IAS12_FN0025" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2613" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, June 2004, '<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>'</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC considered whether an entity should discount current taxes payable under IFRSs when an agreement with the taxing agency has been reached to permit the entity to pay such taxes over a period greater than twelve months. The general view of the IFRIC was that current taxes payable should be discounted when the effects are material. However, it was noted that there is a potential conflict with the requirements of IAS 20 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance</ph></ph>. As the Board had tentatively decided to withdraw IAS 20, the members agreed that the issue of discounting current taxes payable should no longer be uncertain and that the topic need not be added to the IFRIC'S agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_57A_footnote_xref_deleted" id="IAS12_FN0026" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS12_P2614" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC®—Items not added to the agenda (February 2003): </p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC considered whether an entity should recognise a deferred tax asset on recognising an equity instrument, and whether the income tax benefit arising on any payments made under the instrument should be recognised in income or equity. The IFRIC agreed that the underlying issue was how to account for the tax consequences of distributions to external shareholders. In April 2003 the Board reaffirmed that the tax consequences of dividends are recognised when a liability to pay the dividend is recognised.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_58" id="IAS12_FN0027" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IAS12_P2615" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, January 2016, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Recognition of deferred taxes for the effect of exchange rate changes’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a submission regarding the recognition of deferred taxes when the tax bases of an entity’s non-monetary assets and liabilities are determined in a currency that is different from its functional currency. The question is whether deferred taxes that result from exchange rate changes on the tax bases of non-current assets are recognised through profit or loss.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that paragraph 41 of IAS 12 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph> states that when the tax base of a non-monetary asset or liability is determined in a currency that is different from the functional currency, temporary differences arise resulting in a deferred tax asset or liability. Such deferred tax does not arise from a transaction or event that is recognised outside profit or loss and is therefore charged or credited to profit or loss in accordance with paragraph 58 of IAS 12. Such deferred tax charges or credits would be presented with other deferred taxes, instead of with foreign exchange gains or losses, in the statement of profit or loss.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee also noted that paragraph 79 of IAS 12 requires the disclosure of the major components of tax expense (income). The Interpretations Committee observed that when changes in the exchange rate are the cause of a major component of the deferred tax charge or credit, an explanation of this in accordance with paragraph 79 of IAS 12 would help users of financial statements to understand the tax expense (income) for the period.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">In the light of existing IFRS requirements, the Interpretations Committee determined that neither an Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard was necessary. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_79" id="IAS12_FN0028" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2616" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, June 2004, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The IFRIC considered whether an entity should discount current taxes payable under IFRSs when an agreement with the taxing agency has been reached to permit the entity to pay such taxes over a period greater than twelve months. The general view of the IFRIC was that current taxes payable should be discounted when the effects are material. However, it was noted that there is a potential conflict with the requirements of IAS 20 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance</ph></ph>. As the Board had tentatively decided to withdraw IAS 20, the members agreed that the issue of discounting current taxes payable should no longer be uncertain and that the topic need not be added to the IFRIC'S agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS12_88" id="IAS12_FN0029" class="- topic/fn ">       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2617" class="- topic/p ">[IFRIC® <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Update</i>, July 2014, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—recognition of current income tax on uncertain tax position’</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify the recognition of a tax asset in the situation in which tax laws require an entity to make an immediate payment when a tax examination results in an additional charge, even if the entity intends to appeal against the additional charge. In the situation described by the submitter, the entity expects, but is not certain, to recover some or all of the amount paid. The Interpretations Committee was asked to clarify whether IAS 12 is applied to determine whether to recognise an asset for the payment, or whether the guidance in IAS 37 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph> should be applied.</p>       <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2618" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee noted that:</p>       <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "> <li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2619" class="- topic/p ">paragraph 12 of IAS 12 provides guidance on the recognition of current tax assets and current tax liabilities. In particular, it states that: </p>           <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(i)</li_value>               <p outputclass="keep_with_next" class="- topic/p ">current tax for current and prior periods shall, to the extent unpaid, be recognised as a liability; and</p>             </li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(ii)</li_value>               <p class="- topic/p ">if the amount already paid in respect of current and prior periods exceeds the amount due for those periods, the excess shall be recognised as an asset.</p>             </li></ol>         </li><li class="- topic/li "> <li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value>           <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS12_P2620" class="- topic/p ">in the specific fact pattern described in the submission, an asset is recognised if the amount of cash paid (which is a certain amount) exceeds the amount of tax expected to be due (which is an uncertain amount).</p>         </li><li class="- topic/li "> <li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value>           <p id="IAS12_P2621" class="- topic/p ">the timing of payment should not affect the amount of current tax expense recognised.</p>         </li></ol>       <p id="IAS12_P2622" class="- topic/p ">The Interpretations Committee understood that the reference to IAS 37 in paragraph 88 of IAS 12 in respect of tax-related contingent liabilities and contingent assets may have been understood by some to mean that IAS 37 applied to the recognition of such items. However, the Interpretations Committee noted that paragraph 88 of IAS 12 provides guidance only on disclosures required for such items, and that IAS 12, not IAS 37, provides the relevant guidance on recognition, as described above.</p>       <p class="- topic/p ">On the basis of this analysis, the Interpretations Committee noted that sufficient guidance exists. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee concluded that the agenda criteria are not met and decided to remove from its agenda the issue of how current income tax, the amount of which is uncertain, is recognised.]</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>