<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS02_B18" base="SL34630" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B18</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;2"/><data name="paranum" value="B18"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS02_P0321">Factors to consider in estimating early exercise include: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS02_L0035" base="SL141063" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS02_P0322" base="SL141065">the length of the vesting period, because the share option typically cannot be exercised until the end of the vesting period. Hence, determining the valuation implications of expected early exercise is based on the assumption that the options will vest. The implications of vesting conditions are discussed in <xref id="IFRS02_X0383" base="F753255" href="IFRS02_g19-21.dita#IFRS02_g19-21/IFRS02_g19-21_TI">paragraphs 19&#x2013;21</xref>.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS02_P0323" base="SL141067">the average length of time similar options have remained outstanding in the past.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS02_P0324" base="SL141069">the price of the underlying shares. Experience may indicate that the employees tend to exercise options when the share price reaches a specified level above the exercise price.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS02_P0325" base="SL141071">the employee&#x2019;s level within the organisation. For example, experience might indicate that higher&#x2011;level employees tend to exercise options later than lower&#x2011;level employees (discussed further in <xref id="IFRS02_X0384" base="F2-184" href="IFRS02_B21.dita#IFRS02_B21">paragraph B21</xref>).</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS02_P0326" base="SL141073">expected volatility of the underlying shares. On average, employees might tend to exercise options on highly volatile shares earlier than on shares with low volatility.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>