<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS02_28" base="SL34580" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>28</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;2"/><data name="paranum" value="28"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS02_P0086">If a grant of equity instruments is cancelled or settled during the vesting period (other than a grant cancelled by forfeiture when the vesting conditions are not satisfied): </p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS02_L0007" base="SL140904" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS02_P0087" base="SL140906">the entity shall account for the cancellation or settlement as an acceleration of vesting, and shall therefore recognise immediately the amount that otherwise would have been recognised for services received over the remainder of the vesting period.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS02_P0088" base="SL140908">any payment made to the employee on the cancellation or settlement of the grant shall be accounted for as the repurchase of an equity interest, ie as a deduction from equity, except to the extent that the payment exceeds the fair value of the equity instruments granted, measured at the repurchase date. Any such excess shall be recognised as an expense. However, if the share&#x2011;based payment arrangement included liability components, the entity shall remeasure the fair value of the liability at the date of cancellation or settlement. Any payment made to settle the liability component shall be accounted for as an extinguishment of the liability.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS02_P0089" base="SL140910">if new equity instruments are granted to the employee and, on the date when those new equity instruments are granted, the entity identifies the new equity instruments granted as replacement equity instruments for the cancelled equity instruments, the entity shall account for the granting of replacement equity instruments in the same way as a modification of the original grant of equity instruments, in accordance with <xref id="IFRS02_X0184" base="F2-164" href="IFRS02_27.dita#IFRS02_27">paragraph 27</xref> and the guidance in <xref id="IFRS02_X0185" base="F752619" href="IFRS02_APPB.dita#IFRS02_APPB/IFRS02_APPB_TI">Appendix&#xa0;B</xref>.  The incremental fair value granted is the difference between the fair value of the replacement equity instruments and the net fair value of the cancelled equity instruments, at the date the replacement equity instruments are granted. The net fair value of the cancelled equity instruments is their fair value, immediately before the cancellation, less the amount of any payment made to the employee on cancellation of the equity instruments that is accounted for as a deduction from equity in accordance with (b) above. If the entity does not identify new equity instruments granted as replacement equity instruments for the cancelled equity instruments, the entity shall account for those new equity instruments as a new grant of equity instruments.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>