<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IAS07_44H" base="IASB-IAS2023-1"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>44H</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IAS&#xa0;7"/><data name="paranum" value="44H"/></prolog><body><p>To meet the objectives in <xref href="IAS07_44F.dita">paragraph 44F</xref>, an       entity shall disclose in aggregate for its supplier finance arrangements:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p>the terms and conditions of the arrangements (for example, extended payment terms and           security or guarantees provided). However, an entity shall disclose separately the terms           and conditions of arrangements that have dissimilar terms and conditions.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p>as at the beginning and end of the reporting period:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p>the carrying amounts, and associated line items presented in the entity&#x2019;s statement               of financial position, of the financial liabilities that are part of a supplier finance             arrangement.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p>the carrying amounts, and associated line items, of the financial liabilities               disclosed under (i) for which suppliers have already received payment from the finance               providers.</p></li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value>             <p>the range of payment due dates (for example, 30&#x2013;40 days after the invoice date) for               both the financial liabilities disclosed under (i) and comparable trade payables that               are not part of a supplier finance arrangement. Comparable trade payables are, for               example, trade payables of the entity within the same line of business or jurisdiction               as the financial liabilities disclosed under (i). If ranges of payment due dates are               wide, an entity shall disclose explanatory information about those ranges or disclose               additional ranges (for example, stratified ranges).</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p>the type and effect of non-cash changes in the carrying amounts of the financial           liabilities disclosed under (b)(i). Examples of non-cash changes include the effect of             business               combinations,             <xref href="../ias21/IAS21_8.dita#IAS21_8/IAS21_P0024">exchange differences<ph outputclass="def_keyref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0108"/></ph></xref> or other           transactions that do not require the use of <xref href="IAS07_6.dita#IAS07_6/IAS07_P0014">cash<ph outputclass="def_keyref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0028"/></ph></xref> or             <xref href="IAS07_6.dita#IAS07_6/IAS07_P0015">cash equivalents<ph outputclass="def_keyref"><xref keyref="GLOSSARY_DI0029"/></ph></xref> (see <xref href="aem://author_ifrs_org/content/dam/ifrs-standards/en/bound-volumes/ias07/IAS07_43.dita" scope="external">paragraph 43</xref>).</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>