<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="Edu_footnotes"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn base="IAS07_7" id="IAS07_FN0002">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS07_P1628">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, May 2013, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Statement of Cash Flows</ph></ph>—identification of cash           equivalents’</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request about the basis of classification of           financial assets as cash equivalents in accordance with IAS 7. More specifically, the           submitter thinks that the classification of investments as cash equivalents on the basis           of the remaining period to maturity as at the balance sheet date would lead to a more           consistent classification rather than the current focus on the investment’s maturity from           its acquisition date.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that, on the basis of paragraph 7 of IAS 7, financial           assets held as cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash           commitments rather than for investment or other purposes. This paragraph further states           that an investment is classified as a cash equivalent, only when it has a short maturity           from the date of acquisition.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee observed that paragraph 7 of IAS 7 promotes consistency           between entities in the classification of cash equivalents and did not think that the           requirements of paragraph 7 of IAS 7 were unclear.</p>         <p>On the basis of the above, the Interpretations Committee determined that in the light of           the existing IFRS guidance, an interpretation or an amendment to Standards was not           necessary and it did not expect significant diversity in practice to develop regarding           their application. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee decided not to add this           issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS07_7" id="IAS07_FN0003">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS07_P1629">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, July 2009, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Statement of Cash Flows</ph></ph>—Determination of cash           equivalents’</p>         <p>The IFRIC received a request for guidance on whether investments in shares or units of           money market funds that are redeemable at any time can be classified as cash           equivalents.</p>         <p>The IFRIC noted that paragraph 7 of IAS 7 states that the purpose of holding cash           equivalents is to meet short-term cash commitments. In this context, the critical criteria           in the definition of cash equivalents set out in paragraph 6 of IAS 7 are the requirements           that cash equivalents be ‘convertible to known amounts of cash’ and ‘subject to           insignificant risk of changes in value’. The IFRIC noted that the first criterion means           that the amount of cash that will be received must be known at the time of the initial           investment, ie the units cannot be considered cash equivalents simply because they can be           converted to cash at any time at the then market price in an active market. The IFRIC also           noted that an entity would have to satisfy itself that any investment was subject to an           insignificant risk of changes in value for it to be classified as a cash equivalent.</p>         <p>Given the guidance in IAS 7, the IFRIC did not expect significant diversity in practice           because the purpose of holding the instrument and the satisfaction of the criteria should           both be clear from its terms and conditions. Accordingly, the IFRIC decided not to add           this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn id="IAS07_8_FN0001">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, June 2018, Agenda Decision,           ‘Classification of short-term loans and credit facilities (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Statement of Cash Flows</ph></ph>)’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request asking about the types of           borrowings an entity includes in its statement of cash flows as a component of cash and           cash equivalents. In the fact pattern described in the request:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>an entity has short-term loans and credit facilities (short-term arrangements) that               have a short contractual notice period (eg 14 days);</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>the entity says it uses the short-term arrangements for cash management; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p>the balance of the short-term arrangements does not often fluctuate from being               negative to positive.</p>           </li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee observed that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>applying paragraph 8 of IAS 7, an entity generally considers bank borrowings to be               financing activities. An entity, however, includes a bank borrowing as a component of               cash and cash equivalents only in the particular circumstances described in paragraph               8 of IAS 7—ie the banking arrangement is a bank overdraft that (i) is repayable on               demand, and (ii) forms an integral part of the entity’s cash management.</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>cash management includes managing cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of               meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes               (paragraphs 7 and 9 of IAS 7). Assessing whether a banking arrangement is an integral               part of an entity’s cash management is a matter of facts and circumstances.</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p>if the balance of a banking arrangement does not often fluctuate from being negative               to positive, then this indicates that the arrangement does not form an integral part               of the entity’s cash management and, instead, represents a form of financing.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>In the fact pattern described in the request, the Committee concluded that the entity           does not include the short-term arrangements as components of cash and cash equivalents.           This is because these short-term arrangements are not repayable on demand. Additionally,           the fact that the balance does not often fluctuate from being negative to positive           indicates that the short-term arrangements are a form of financing rather than an integral           part of the entity’s cash management.</p>         <p>The Committee also noted that paragraphs 45 and 46 of IAS 7 require an entity to           (a) disclose the components of cash and cash equivalents and present a reconciliation of           the amounts in its statement of cash flows with the equivalent items reported in its           statement of financial position; and (b) disclose the policy which it adopts in           determining the composition of cash and cash equivalents.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an           adequate basis for an entity to assess whether to include in its statement of cash flows           the short-term arrangements described in the request as components of cash and cash           equivalents. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this matter to its           standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS07_g10-17" id="IAS07_FN0004">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS07_P1630">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, August 2005, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS             7</ph></ph> Value added tax’</p>         <p>The IFRIC considered whether it should add to its agenda a project to clarify whether           cash flows reported in accordance with <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_ref">IAS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Cash Flow               Statements</ph></ph> should be measured as inclusive or exclusive of value added tax           (VAT). There was evidence that different practices may emerge, the differences being most           marked for entities that adopt the direct method of reporting cash flows.</p>         <p>IAS 7 does not explicitly address the treatment of VAT. The IFRIC noted that it would be           appropriate in complying with <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph>  <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> for entities to disclose whether they           present their gross cash flows as inclusive or exclusive of VAT.</p>         <p>The IFRIC decided that it should not develop an Interpretation on this topic, because           while different practices might emerge, they were not expected to be widespread. The IFRIC           will recommend to the IASB that the treatment of VAT should be considered as part of the           review of IAS 7 being carried out within the project on performance reporting.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS07_FN0005">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS07_P1631">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2008, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Statement of Cash Flows</ph></ph>—Classification of           expenditures’</p>         <p>The IFRIC received a request for guidance on the treatment of some types of expenditure           in the statement of cash flows. In practice some entities classify expenditures that are           not recognised as assets under IFRSs as cash flows from operating activities while others           classify them as part of investing activities. Examples of such expenditures are those for           exploration and evaluation activities (which can be recognised, according to the           applicable standard, as an asset or an expense). Advertising and promotional activities,           staff training and research and development could also raise the same issue.</p>         <p>The IFRIC concluded that the issue could be best resolved by referring it to the Board           with a recommendation that IAS 7 should be amended to make explicit that only an           expenditure that results in a recognised asset can be classified as a cash flow from           investing activity. The IFRIC therefore decided not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IAS07_10" id="EDUFN-ad2020-december-ap4_IAS07-condensed">                  <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about reverse factoring           arrangements. Specifically, the request asked:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>how an entity presents liabilities to pay for goods or               services received when the related invoices are part of a reverse factoring               arrangement; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>what information about reverse factoring arrangements an               entity is required to disclose in its financial statements.</p></li></ol>         <p>In a reverse factoring arrangement, a financial institution agrees to pay amounts an           entity owes to the entity’s suppliers and the entity agrees to pay the financial           institution at the same date as, or a date later than, suppliers are paid.</p>         <p>...</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Presentation in the statement of cash           flows</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next"><xref href="IAS07_6.dita" scope="local">Paragraph 6 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 7</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Statement of Cash Flows</ph></ph></xref> defines:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>operating activities as ‘the principal revenue-producing               activities of the entity and other activities that are not investing or financing               activities’; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>financing activities as ‘activities that result in changes               in the size and composition of the contributed equity and borrowings of the               entity’.</p></li></ol>         <p>An entity that has entered into a reverse factoring arrangement determines how to           classify cash flows under the arrangement, typically as cash flows from operating           activities or cash flows from financing activities. The Committee observed that an           entity’s assessment of the nature of the liabilities that are part of the arrangement may           help in determining whether the related cash flows arise from operating or financing           activities. For example, if the entity considers the related liability to be a trade or           other payable that is part of the working capital used in the entity’s principal           revenue-producing activities, the entity presents cash outflows to settle the liability as           arising from operating activities in its statement of cash flows. In contrast, if the           entity considers that the related liability is not a trade or other payable because the           liability represents borrowings of the entity, the entity presents cash outflows to settle           the liability as arising from financing activities in its statement of cash flows.</p>         <p>Investing and financing transactions that do not require the use of cash or cash           equivalents are excluded from an entity’s statement of cash flows (<xref href="IAS07_43.dita" scope="local">paragraph 43 of IAS 7</xref>). Consequently, if a           cash inflow and cash outflow occur for an entity when an invoice is factored as part of a           reverse factoring arrangement, the entity presents those cash flows in its statement of           cash flows. If no cash inflow or cash outflow occurs for an entity in a financing           transaction, the entity discloses the transaction elsewhere in the financial statements in           a way that provides all the relevant information about the financing activity (<xref href="IAS07_43.dita" scope="local">paragraph 43 of IAS 7</xref>).</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Notes to the financial statements</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">...</p>         <p><xref href="IAS07_44A.dita" scope="local">Paragraph 44A of IAS 7</xref> requires an           entity to provide ‘disclosures that enable users of financial statements to evaluate           changes in liabilities arising from financing activities, including both changes arising           from cash flows and non-cash changes’. The Committee noted that such disclosure is           required for liabilities that are part of a reverse factoring arrangement if the cash           flows for those liabilities were, or future cash flows will be, classified as cash flows           from financing activities.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an           adequate basis for an entity to determine the presentation of liabilities that are part of           reverse factoring arrangements, the presentation of the related cash flows, and the           information to disclose in the notes about, for example, liquidity risks that arise in           such arrangements. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting           project on these matters to the work plan.] </p>       </fn>       <fn base="IAS7_44A" id="EDUFN-ad2019-september-ap7_IAS07">                  <p>The Committee received a request from users of financial statements (investors) about the           disclosure requirements in IAS 7 that relate to changes in liabilities arising from           financing activities. Specifically, investors asked whether the disclosure requirements in           paragraphs 44B–44E of IAS 7 are adequate to require an entity to provide disclosures that           meet the objective in <xref href="IAS07_44A.dita" scope="local">paragraph 44A of IAS             7</xref>.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Meeting the disclosure objective           (Paragraph 44A of IAS 7)</p>         <p>Paragraph 44A of IAS 7 requires an entity to provide ‘disclosures that enable [investors]           to evaluate changes in liabilities arising from financing activities, including both           changes arising from cash flows and non-cash changes’. </p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">To the extent necessary to satisfy the objective in           paragraph 44A, paragraph 44B specifies that an entity discloses the following changes in           liabilities arising from financing activities:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>changes from financing cash flows;</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>changes arising from obtaining or losing control of subsidiaries or other               businesses;</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p>the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates;</p>           </li><li><li_value>d.</li_value>             <p>changes in fair values; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>e.</li_value>             <p>other changes.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>The Board explained in paragraph BC16 that it developed the disclosure objective in           paragraph 44A to reflect the needs of investors, including those summarised in paragraph           BC10. The Board also noted in paragraph BC18 that when considering whether it has           fulfilled the objective in paragraph 44A, an entity takes into consideration the extent to           which information about changes in liabilities arising from financing activities provides           relevant information to investors, considering the needs of investors summarised in           paragraph BC10. These investor needs are:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>to check their understanding of the entity’s cash flows and use that understanding to               improve their confidence in forecasting the entity’s future cash flows;</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>to provide information about the entity’s sources of finance and how those sources               have been used over time; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p>to help them understand the entity’s exposure to risks associated with financing.</p>           </li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Reconciling between the opening and           closing balances of liabilities arising from financing activities</p>         <p>Paragraph 44D of IAS 7 states that ‘one way to fulfil the disclosure requirement in           paragraph 44A is by providing a reconciliation between the opening and closing balances in           the statement of financial position for liabilities arising from financing activities,           including the changes identified in paragraph 44B’.</p>         <p>When an entity discloses such a reconciliation it provides information that enables           investors to link items included in the reconciliation to other areas of the financial           statements. In doing this, an entity applies:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>paragraph 44C to identify liabilities arising from financing activities and use them               as the basis of the reconciliation. Paragraph 44C defines these liabilities as               ‘liabilities for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in               the statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities’. If an entity               also chooses to define, and reconcile, a different ‘net debt’ measure, this does not               remove the requirement for the entity to identify its liabilities arising from               financing activities as defined in paragraph 44C.</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>paragraph 44E to disclose changes in liabilities arising from financing activities               separately from changes in any other assets and liabilities.</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p>paragraph 44D to provide sufficient information to enable investors to link the items               included in the reconciliation to amounts reported in the statement of financial               position and the statement of cash flows, or related notes. An entity develops               disclosures that enable investors to link (i) the opening and closing balances of the               liabilities arising from financing activities reported in the reconciliation, to (ii)               amounts reported in the entity’s statement of financial position (or related notes)               regarding those liabilities.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>The Committee observed that an entity applies judgement in determining the extent to           which it disaggregates and explains the changes in liabilities arising from financing           activities included in the reconciliation to meet the objective in paragraph 44A. In this           respect, the Committee noted the following:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>in disaggregating liabilities arising from financing activities, and cash and               non-cash changes in those liabilities, an entity applies paragraph 44B of IAS 7 and               paragraph 30A of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS                   1</ph>                 <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>.               Paragraph 30A of IAS 1 states that an entity ‘shall not reduce the understandability               of its financial statements…by aggregating material items that have different natures               or functions’. Accordingly, an entity discloses any individually material items               separately in the reconciliation. Such items include material classes of liability (or               asset) arising from financing activities and material reconciling items (ie cash or               non-cash changes).</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>in explaining liabilities arising from financing activities, and cash and non-cash               changes in those liabilities, an entity applies paragraph 44B of IAS 7 and paragraph               112(c) of IAS 1. Paragraph 112(c) of IAS 1 requires an entity to disclose ‘information               that is not presented elsewhere in the financial statements, but is relevant to an               understanding of any of them’. Accordingly, applying paragraphs 44A–44E, an entity               determines the appropriate structure for its reconciliation including the appropriate               level of disaggregation. Thereafter, the entity determines whether additional               explanation is needed to meet the disclosure objective in paragraph 44A. An entity               would explain each class of liability (or asset) arising from financing activities               included in the reconciliation and each reconciling item in a way that (i) provides               information about its sources of finance, (ii) enables investors to check their               understanding of the entity’s cash flows, and (iii) enables investors to link items to               the statement of financial position and the statement of cash flows, or related               notes.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>Accordingly, the Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS           Standards provide an adequate basis for an entity to disclose information about changes in           liabilities arising from financing activities that enables investors to evaluate those           changes. Accordingly, the Committee concluded that the disclosure requirements in           paragraphs 44B–44E of IAS 7, together with requirements in IAS 1, are adequate to require           an entity to provide disclosures that meet the objective in paragraph 44A of IAS 7.           Consequently, the Committee decided not to add the matter to its standard-setting           agenda.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IAS07_6" id="EDUFN-ad2022-march-ias7">                  <p>The Committee received a request about whether an entity includes a demand deposit as a           component of cash and cash equivalents in its statements of cash flows and financial           position when the demand deposit is subject to contractual restrictions on use agreed with           a third party. In the fact pattern described in the request, the entity:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>holds a demand deposit whose terms and conditions do not               prevent the entity from accessing the amounts held in it (that is, were the entity to               request any amount from the deposit, it would receive that amount on demand).</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>has a contractual obligation with a third party to keep a               specified amount of cash in that separate demand deposit and to use the cash only for               specified purposes. If the entity were to use the amounts held in the demand deposit               for purposes other than those agreed with the third party, the entity would be in               breach of its contractual obligation.</p></li></ol>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Cash and cash equivalents in the           statement of cash flows</p>         <p>The Committee noted that the question in the request is about whether the demand deposit           meets the definition of ‘cash’ in IAS 7.</p>         <p>Paragraph 6 of IAS 7 defines ‘cash’ by stating that it ‘comprises cash on hand and demand           deposits.’ IAS 7 includes no requirements on whether an item qualifies as cash beyond the           definition itself.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">IAS 7 and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation               of Financial Statements</ph></ph> indicate that amounts included in cash and cash           equivalents may be subject to restrictions, namely:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>paragraph 48 of IAS 7 requires an entity to disclose               information about ‘significant cash and cash equivalent balances held by the entity               that are not available for use by the group’; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>paragraph 66(d) of IAS 1 requires an entity to classify as               current an asset that is ‘cash or a cash equivalent (as defined in IAS 7) unless the               asset is restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least               twelve months after the reporting period’.</p></li></ol>         <p>The Committee concluded that restrictions on the use of a demand deposit arising from a           contract with a third party do not result in the deposit no longer being cash, unless           those restrictions change the nature of the deposit in a way that it would no longer meet           the definition of cash in IAS 7. In the fact pattern described in the request, the           contractual restrictions on the use of the amounts held in the demand deposit do not           change the nature of the deposit—the entity can access those amounts on demand. Therefore,           the Committee concluded that the entity includes the demand deposit as a component of           ‘cash and cash equivalents’ in its statement of cash flows.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Presentation in the statement of           financial position</p>         <p>Paragraph 54(i) of IAS 1 requires an entity to include a line item in its statement of           financial position that presents the amount of ‘cash and cash equivalents’. Paragraph 55           of IAS 1 states ‘an entity shall present additional line items (including by           disaggregating the line items listed in paragraph 54) … in the statement of financial           position when such presentation is relevant to an understanding of the entity’s financial           position’.</p>         <p>Therefore, the Committee concluded that, in the fact pattern described in the request,           the entity presents the demand deposit as cash and cash equivalents in its statement of           financial position. When relevant to an understanding of its financial position, the           entity would disaggregate the ‘cash and cash equivalents’ line item and present the demand           deposit separately in an additional line item.</p>         <p>An entity that presents assets as current or non-current would classify the demand           deposit as current applying paragraph 66(d) of IAS 1, unless the demand deposit is           ‘restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months           after the reporting period’.</p>         <p typeface="sansserif" outputclass="keep_with_next">Disclosures</p>         <p>Paragraph 45 of IAS 7 states that ‘an entity shall disclose the components of cash and           cash equivalents…’. Applying this requirement, in the fact pattern described in the           request, the entity discloses the demand deposit as a component of cash and cash           equivalents. The entity also considers whether to disclose additional information:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>in the context of the requirements in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 7</ph>                 <ph outputclass="standard_title"> Financial Instruments: Disclosures</ph></ph> about               liquidity risk arising from financial instruments and how an entity manages that risk;               and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>if the information it provides in applying the disclosure               requirements in IAS 7 and IFRS 7 is insufficient to enable users of financial               statements to understand the impact of the restrictions on the entity’s financial               position (paragraph 31 of IAS 1).</p></li></ol>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Accounting Standards           provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine whether to include demand deposits           subject to contractual restrictions on use agreed with a third party as a component of           cash and cash equivalents in its statements of cash flows and financial position.           Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project to the work           plan.]</p>       </fn>     </bodydiv></body></topic>