<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS03_B50" base="F4231245" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B50</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 3"/><data name="paranum" value="B50"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_P0439">The acquirer should consider the following factors, which are neither mutually exclusive nor individually conclusive, to determine whether a transaction is part of the exchange for the acquiree or whether the transaction is separate from the business combination: </p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS03_L0045" base="F4301326" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0440" base="F4301327"><b>the reasons for the transaction</b>—Understanding the reasons why the parties to the combination (the acquirer and the acquiree and their owners, directors and managers—and their agents) entered into a particular transaction or arrangement may provide insight into whether it is part of the consideration transferred and the assets acquired or liabilities assumed. For example, if a transaction is arranged primarily for the benefit of the acquirer or the combined entity rather than primarily for the benefit of the acquiree or its former owners before the combination, that portion of the transaction price paid (and any related assets or liabilities) is less likely to be part of the exchange for the acquiree. Accordingly, the acquirer would account for that portion separately from the business combination.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0441" base="F4301330"><b>who initiated the transaction</b>—Understanding who initiated the transaction may also provide insight into whether it is part of the exchange for the acquiree. For example, a transaction or other event that is initiated by the acquirer may be entered into for the purpose of providing future economic benefits to the acquirer or combined entity with little or no benefit received by the acquiree or its former owners before the combination. On the other hand, a transaction or arrangement initiated by the acquiree or its former owners is less likely to be for the benefit of the acquirer or the combined entity and more likely to be part of the business combination transaction.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0442" base="F4301333"><b>the timing of the transaction</b>—The timing of the transaction may also provide insight into whether it is part of the exchange for the acquiree. For example, a transaction between the acquirer and the acquiree that takes place during the negotiations of the terms of a business combination may have been entered into in contemplation of the business combination to provide future economic benefits to the acquirer or the combined entity. If so, the acquiree or its former owners before the business combination are likely to receive little or no benefit from the transaction except for benefits they receive as part of the combined entity.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>