<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS03_B55" base="F4301357"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B55</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;3"/><data name="paranum" value="B55"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_P0456">If it is not clear whether an arrangement for payments to employees or selling shareholders is part of the exchange for the acquiree or is a transaction separate from the business combination, the acquirer should consider the following indicators:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS03_L0048" base="F4301360" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0457" base="F4301361"><i>Continuing employment</i>&#x2014;The terms of continuing employment by the selling shareholders who become key employees may be an indicator of the substance of a contingent consideration arrangement. The relevant terms of continuing employment may be included in an employment agreement, acquisition agreement or some other document. A contingent consideration arrangement in which the payments are automatically forfeited if employment terminates is remuneration for post&#x2011;combination services. Arrangements in which the contingent payments are not affected by employment termination may indicate that the contingent payments are additional consideration rather than remuneration.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0458" base="F4301365"><i>Duration of continuing employment</i>&#x2014;If the period of required employment coincides with or is longer than the contingent payment period, that fact may indicate that the contingent payments are, in substance, remuneration.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0459" base="F4301368"><i>Level of remuneration</i>&#x2014;Situations in which employee remuneration other than the contingent payments is at a reasonable level in comparison with that of other key employees in the combined entity may indicate that the contingent payments are additional consideration rather than remuneration.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0460" base="F4301371"><i>Incremental payments to employees</i>&#x2014;If selling shareholders who do not become employees receive lower contingent payments on a per&#x2011;share basis than the selling shareholders who become employees of the combined entity, that fact may indicate that the incremental amount of contingent payments to the selling shareholders who become employees is remuneration.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0461" base="F4301374"><i>Number of shares owned</i>&#x2014;The relative number of shares owned by the selling shareholders who remain as key employees may be an indicator of the substance of the contingent consideration arrangement. For example, if the selling shareholders who owned substantially all of the shares in the acquiree continue as key employees, that fact may indicate that the arrangement is, in substance, a profit&#x2011;sharing arrangement intended to provide remuneration for post&#x2011;combination services. Alternatively, if selling shareholders who continue as key employees owned only a small number of shares of the acquiree and all selling shareholders receive the same amount of contingent consideration on a per&#x2011;share basis, that fact may indicate that the contingent payments are additional consideration. The pre&#x2011;acquisition ownership interests held by parties related to selling shareholders who continue as key employees, such as family members, should also be considered.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0462" base="F4301377"><i>Linkage to the valuation</i>&#x2014;If the initial consideration transferred at the acquisition date is based on the low end of a range established in the valuation of the acquiree and the contingent formula relates to that valuation approach, that fact may suggest that the contingent payments are additional consideration. Alternatively, if the contingent payment formula is consistent with prior profit&#x2011;sharing arrangements, that fact may suggest that the substance of the arrangement is to provide remuneration.</p></li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0463" base="F4301380"><i>Formula for determining consideration</i>&#x2014;The formula used to determine the contingent payment may be helpful in assessing the substance of the arrangement. For example, if a contingent payment is determined on the basis of a multiple of earnings, that might suggest that the obligation is contingent consideration in the business combination and that the formula is intended to establish or verify the fair value of the acquiree. In contrast, a contingent payment that is a specified percentage of earnings might suggest that the obligation to employees is a profit&#x2011;sharing arrangement to remunerate employees for services rendered.</p></li><li><li_value>(h)</li_value> <p id="IFRS03_P0464" base="F4301383"><i>Other agreements and issues</i>&#x2014;The terms of other arrangements with selling shareholders (such as agreements not to compete, executory contracts, consulting contracts and property lease agreements) and the income tax treatment of contingent payments may indicate that contingent payments are attributable to something other than consideration for the acquiree. For example, in connection with the acquisition, the acquirer might enter into a property lease arrangement with a significant selling shareholder. If the lease payments specified in the lease contract are significantly below market, some or all of the contingent payments to the lessor (the selling shareholder) required by a separate arrangement for contingent payments might be, in substance, payments for the use of the leased property that the acquirer should recognise separately in its post&#x2011;combination financial statements. In contrast, if the lease contract specifies lease payments that are consistent with market terms for the leased property, the arrangement for contingent payments to the selling shareholder may be contingent consideration in the business combination.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>