<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IFRS03_APPA"><title base="F4230825" id="IFRS03_APPA_TI">Appendix A Defined terms</title><body><note type="note">       <p base="F4230826" id="IFRS03_P0295">This appendix is an integral part of the IFRS.</p>     </note><dl base="F30315065" id="IFRS03_D0001"><dlentry base="F30315068" id="IFRS03_DI0001"><dt base="F30315066" id="IFRS03_TE0001">acquiree</dt><dd>           <p base="F4230829" id="IFRS03_P0296">The business or businesses that the <b>acquirer</b> obtains control of in a <b>business combination</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F30315075" id="IFRS03_DI0002"><dt base="F30315073" id="IFRS03_TE0002">acquirer</dt><dd>           <p base="F4230833" id="IFRS03_P0297">The entity that obtains control of the <b>acquiree</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F30315069" id="IFRS03_DI0003"><dt base="F30315070" id="IFRS03_TE0003">acquisition date</dt><dd>           <p base="F4230836" id="IFRS03_P0298">The date on which the <b>acquirer</b> obtains control of the <b>acquiree</b>.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F30315082" id="IFRS03_DI0004"><dt base="F30315080" id="IFRS03_TE0004">business</dt><dd>                      <p id="IFRS03_P0301_V2">An integrated set of activities and assets that is capable of being conducted and managed for the purpose of providing goods or services to customers, generating investment income (such as dividends or interest) or generating other income from ordinary activities.</p>                               </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F30315076" id="IFRS03_DI0005"><dt base="F30315077" id="IFRS03_TE0005">business combination</dt><dd>           <p base="F4230842" id="IFRS03_P0304">A transaction or other event in which an <b>acquirer</b> obtains control of one or more <b>businesses</b>. Transactions sometimes referred to as ‘true mergers’ or ‘mergers of equals’ are also <b>business combinations</b> as that term is used in this IFRS.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F30315089" id="IFRS03_DI0006"><dt base="F30315087" id="IFRS03_TE0006">contingent consideration</dt><dd>           <p base="F4230845" id="IFRS03_P0307">Usually, an obligation of the <b>acquirer</b> to transfer additional assets or <b>equity interests</b> to the former owners of an <b>acquiree</b> as part of the exchange for control of the acquiree if specified future events occur or conditions are met. However, <i>contingent consideration</i> also may give the acquirer the right to the return of previously transferred consideration if specified conditions are met.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F30315086" id="IFRS03_DI0007"><dt base="F30315084" id="IFRS03_TE0007">equity interests</dt><dd>           <p base="F4230851" id="IFRS03_P0308">For the purposes of this IFRS, <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">equity interests</ph></ph> is used broadly to mean ownership interests of investor‑owned entities and owner, member or participant interests of <b>mutual entities</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F30315092" id="IFRS03_DI0008"><dt base="F30315090" id="IFRS03_TE0008">fair value</dt><dd>           <p base="F16141310" id="IFRS03_P0309"><i>Fair value</i> is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. (See IFRS 13.)</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F30315095" id="IFRS03_DI0009"><dt base="F30315093" id="IFRS03_TE0009">goodwill</dt><dd>           <p base="F4230858" id="IFRS03_P0311">An asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a <b>business combination</b> that are not individually identified and separately recognised.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F30315098" id="IFRS03_DI0010"><dt base="F30315096" id="IFRS03_TE0010">identifiable</dt><dd>           <p base="F4230861" id="IFRS03_P0314">An asset is <i>identifiable</i> if it either:</p>           <ol outputclass="static" base="F4230864" type="lower-alpha" id="IFRS03_L0032"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>               <p base="F4230865" id="IFRS03_P0315">is separable, ie capable of being separated or divided from the entity and sold, transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged, either individually or together with a related contract, identifiable asset or liability, regardless of whether the entity intends to do so; or</p>                            </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>               <p base="F4230867" id="IFRS03_P0317">arises from contractual or other legal rights, regardless of whether those rights are transferable or separable from the entity or from other rights and obligations.</p>                            </li></ol>         </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F30315101" id="IFRS03_DI0011"><dt base="F30315099" id="IFRS03_TE0011">intangible asset</dt><dd>           <p base="F4230870" id="IFRS03_P0319">An <b>identifiable</b> non‑monetary asset without physical substance.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F30315110" id="IFRS03_DI0012"><dt base="F30315108" id="IFRS03_TE0012">mutual entity</dt><dd>           <p base="F4230873" id="IFRS03_P0321">An entity, other than an investor‑owned entity, that provides dividends, lower costs or other economic benefits directly to its <b>owners</b>, members or participants. For example, a mutual insurance company, a credit union and a co‑operative entity are all mutual entities.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F30315107" id="IFRS03_DI0013"><dt base="F30315105" id="IFRS03_TE0013">non‑controlling interest</dt><dd>           <p base="F4230876" id="IFRS03_P0323">The equity in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to a parent.</p>                    </dd></dlentry><dlentry base="F30315116" id="IFRS03_DI0014"><dt base="F30315114" id="IFRS03_TE0014">owners</dt><dd>           <p base="F4230879" id="IFRS03_P0325">For the purposes of this IFRS, <i>owners</i> is used broadly to include holders of <b>equity interests</b> of investor‑owned entities and owners or members of, or participants in, <b>mutual entities</b>.</p>         </dd></dlentry></dl></body></topic>