<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph base="F4301425" id="IFRS03_B64"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B64</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;3"/><data name="paranum" value="B64"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS03_P0495">To meet the objective in&#xa0;<xref base="F5312092" href="IFRS03_59.dita#IFRS03_59" id="IFRS03_X0501">paragraph 59</xref>, the&#xa0;acquirer&#xa0;shall disclose the following information for each&#xa0;business combination&#xa0;that occurs during the reporting period:</p><ol outputclass="static" base="F4301427" id="IFRS03_L0052" type="lower-alpha"><li id="IFRS03_B64_a"><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F4301428" id="IFRS03_P0496">the name and a description of the&#xa0;acquiree.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_b"><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F4301430" id="IFRS03_P0497">the&#xa0;acquisition date.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_c"><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="F4301432" id="IFRS03_P0498">the percentage of voting&#xa0;equity interests&#xa0;acquired.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_d"><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="F4301434" id="IFRS03_P0499">the primary reasons for the business combination and a description of how the acquirer obtained&#xa0;control&#xa0;of the acquiree.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_e"><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p base="F4301436" id="IFRS03_P0500">a qualitative description of the factors that make up the&#xa0;goodwill&#xa0;recognised, such as expected synergies from combining operations of the acquiree and the acquirer,&#xa0;intangible assets&#xa0;that do not qualify for separate recognition or other factors.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_f"><li_value>(f)</li_value>         <p base="F4301438" id="IFRS03_P0501">the&#xa0;acquisition&#x2011;date&#xa0;fair value&#xa0;of the total consideration transferred and the acquisition&#x2011;date fair value of each major class of consideration, such as:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F4301440" id="IFRS03_L0053" type="lower-roman"><li id="IFRS03_B64_f_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F4301441" id="IFRS03_P0502">cash;</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_f_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F4301443" id="IFRS03_P0503">other tangible or intangible assets, including a&#xa0;business&#xa0;or subsidiary of the acquirer;</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_f_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value>             <p base="F4301445" id="IFRS03_P0504">liabilities incurred, for example, a liability for&#xa0;contingent consideration;                              and</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_f_iv"><li_value>(iv)</li_value>             <p base="F4301447" id="IFRS03_P0505">equity interests of the acquirer, including the number of instruments or interests issued or issuable and the method of measuring the fair value of those instruments or interests.</p>           </li></ol>       </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_g"><li_value>(g)</li_value>         <p base="F4301449" id="IFRS03_P0506">for contingent consideration arrangements and indemnification assets:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F4301451" id="IFRS03_L0054" type="lower-roman"><li id="IFRS03_B64_g_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F4301452" id="IFRS03_P0507">the amount recognised as of the&#xa0;acquisition date;</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_g_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F4301454" id="IFRS03_P0508">a description of the arrangement and the basis for determining the amount of the payment; and</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_g_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value>             <p base="F4301456" id="IFRS03_P0509">an estimate of the range of outcomes (undiscounted) or, if a range cannot be estimated, that fact and the reasons why a range cannot be estimated. If the maximum amount of the payment is unlimited, the acquirer shall disclose that fact.</p>           </li></ol>                         </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_h"><li_value>(h)</li_value>         <p base="F4301458" id="IFRS03_P0512">for acquired receivables:&#xa0;</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F4301460" id="IFRS03_L0055" type="lower-roman"><li id="IFRS03_B64_h_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F4301461" id="IFRS03_P0513">the fair value of the receivables;</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_h_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F4301463" id="IFRS03_P0514">the gross contractual amounts receivable; and</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_h_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value>             <p base="F4301465" id="IFRS03_P0515">the best estimate at the acquisition date of the contractual cash flows not expected to be collected.</p>           </li></ol>         <p base="F4301466" id="IFRS03_P0516">The disclosures shall be provided by major class of receivable, such as loans, direct finance leases and any other class of receivables.</p>                </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>         <p base="F4301468" id="IFRS03_P0518">the amounts recognised as of the acquisition date for each major class of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_j"><li_value>(j)</li_value>         <p base="F4301470" id="IFRS03_P0519">for each contingent liability recognised in accordance with&#xa0;<xref base="F5312093" href="IFRS03_23.dita#IFRS03_23" id="IFRS03_X0507">paragraph 23</xref>, the information required in&#xa0;<xref base="F5312115" href="../ias37/IAS37_85.dita#IAS37_85" id="IFRS03_X0508">paragraph 85 of IAS 37&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets</ph></ph></xref>. If a contingent liability is not recognised because its fair value cannot be measured reliably, the acquirer shall disclose:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F4301472" id="IFRS03_L0056" type="lower-roman"><li id="IFRS03_B64_j_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F4301473" id="IFRS03_P0520">the information required by&#xa0;<xref base="F5312117" href="../ias37/IAS37_86.dita#IAS37_86" id="IFRS03_X0509">paragraph 86 of IAS&#xa0;37</xref>; and</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_j_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F4301475" id="IFRS03_P0521">the reasons why the liability cannot be measured reliably.</p>           </li></ol>                </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_k"><li_value>(k)</li_value>         <p base="F4301477" id="IFRS03_P0523">the total amount of goodwill that is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_l"><li_value>(l)</li_value>         <p base="F4301479" id="IFRS03_P0524">for transactions that are recognised separately from the acquisition of assets and assumption of liabilities in the business combination in accordance with&#xa0;<xref base="F5312118" href="IFRS03_51.dita#IFRS03_51" id="IFRS03_X0511">paragraph 51</xref>:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F4301481" id="IFRS03_L0057" type="lower-roman"><li id="IFRS03_B64_l_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F4301482" id="IFRS03_P0525">a description of each transaction;</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_l_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F4301484" id="IFRS03_P0526">how the acquirer accounted for each transaction;</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_l_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value>             <p base="F4301486" id="IFRS03_P0527">the amounts recognised for each transaction and the line item in the financial statements in which each amount is recognised; and</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_l_iv"><li_value>(iv)</li_value>             <p base="F4301488" id="IFRS03_P0528">if the transaction is the effective settlement of a pre&#x2011;existing relationship, the method used to determine the settlement amount.</p>           </li></ol>                </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_m"><li_value>(m)</li_value>         <p base="F4301490" id="IFRS03_P0530">the disclosure of separately recognised transactions required by (l) shall include the amount of acquisition&#x2011;related costs and, separately, the amount of those costs recognised as an expense and the line item or items in the statement of comprehensive income in which those expenses are recognised. The amount of any issue costs not recognised as an expense and how they were recognised shall also be disclosed.</p>                </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_n"><li_value>(n)</li_value>         <p base="F4301492" id="IFRS03_P0532">in a bargain purchase (see&#xa0;<xref base="F5312119" href="IFRS03_g34-36.dita#IFRS03_g34-36" id="IFRS03_X0514">paragraphs 34&#x2013;36</xref>):</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F4301494" id="IFRS03_L0058" type="lower-roman"><li id="IFRS03_B64_n_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F4301495" id="IFRS03_P0533">the amount of any gain recognised in accordance with&#xa0;<xref base="F5312121" href="IFRS03_34.dita#IFRS03_34" id="IFRS03_X0515">paragraph&#xa0;34</xref>&#xa0;and the line item in the statement of comprehensive income in which the gain is recognised; and</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_n_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F4301497" id="IFRS03_P0534">a description of the reasons why the transaction resulted in a gain.</p>           </li></ol>                </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_o"><li_value>(o)</li_value>         <p base="F4301499" id="IFRS03_P0536">for each business combination in which the acquirer holds less than 100&#xa0;per cent of the equity interests in the acquiree at the acquisition date:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F4301501" id="IFRS03_L0059" type="lower-roman"><li id="IFRS03_B64_o_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F4301502" id="IFRS03_P0537">the amount of the&#xa0;non&#x2011;controlling interest&#xa0;in the acquiree recognised at the acquisition date and the measurement basis for that amount; and</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_o_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F4301504" id="IFRS03_P0538">for each non&#x2011;controlling interest in an acquiree measured at fair value, the valuation technique(s)                              and significant inputs                              used to measure that value.</p>           </li></ol>                </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_p"><li_value>(p)</li_value>         <p base="F4301506" id="IFRS03_P0540">in a business combination achieved in stages:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F4301508" id="IFRS03_L0060" type="lower-roman"><li id="IFRS03_B64_p_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F4301509" id="IFRS03_P0541">the acquisition&#x2011;date fair value of the equity interest in the acquiree held by the acquirer immediately before the acquisition date; and</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_p_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F4301511" id="IFRS03_P0542">the amount of any gain or loss recognised as a result of remeasuring to fair value the equity interest in the acquiree held by the acquirer before the business combination (see&#xa0;<xref href="IFRS03_42.dita" id="IFRS03_X0520" scope="local">paragraph&#xa0;42</xref>) and the line item in the statement of comprehensive income in which that gain or loss is recognised.</p>           </li></ol>                </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_q"><li_value>(q)</li_value>         <p base="F4301513" id="IFRS03_P0544">the following information:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" base="F4301515" id="IFRS03_L0061" type="lower-roman"><li id="IFRS03_B64_q_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F4301516" id="IFRS03_P0545">the amounts of revenue and profit or loss of the acquiree since the acquisition date included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the reporting period; and</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B64_q_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F4301518" id="IFRS03_P0546">the revenue and profit or loss of the combined entity for the current reporting period as though the acquisition date for all business combinations that occurred during the year had been as of the beginning of the annual reporting period.</p>           </li></ol>                  <p base="F4301520" id="IFRS03_P0548">If disclosure of any of the information required by this subparagraph is impracticable, the acquirer shall disclose that fact and explain why the disclosure is impracticable. This IFRS uses the term &#x2018;impracticable&#x2019; with the same meaning as in&#xa0;<xref base="F5312122" href="../ias08/IAS08_TOC.dita#IAS08_TOC0001" id="IFRS03_X0524">IAS&#xa0;8&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph></xref>.                    </p>                </li></ol></body></paragraph>