<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph principles="no" id="IFRS03_B7B"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>B7B</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS&#xa0;3"/><data name="paranum" value="B7B"/></prolog><body><p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS03_B7B_P0001">The concentration test is met if substantially all              of the&#xa0;fair value&#xa0;of the gross assets acquired              is concentrated in a single&#xa0;identifiable&#xa0;asset or group of similar identifiable assets. For the concentration test:</p><ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li id="IFRS03_B7B_a"><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS03_B7B_P0002">gross assets acquired shall exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and&#xa0;goodwill&#xa0;resulting from the effects of deferred tax liabilities.                    </p>       </li><li id="IFRS03_B7B_b"><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS03_B7B_P0003">the fair value of the gross assets acquired shall include any consideration transferred (plus the fair value of any&#xa0;non&#x2011;controlling interest&#xa0;and the fair value of any previously held interest) in excess of the fair value of net identifiable assets acquired. The fair value of the gross assets acquired may normally be determined as the total obtained by adding the fair value of the consideration transferred (plus the fair value of any non-controlling interest and the fair value of any previously held interest) to the fair value of the liabilities assumed (other than deferred tax liabilities), and then excluding the items identified in subparagraph (a). However, if the fair value of the gross assets acquired is more than that total, a more precise calculation may sometimes be needed.</p>                </li><li id="IFRS03_B7B_c"><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS03_B7B_P0004">a single identifiable asset shall include any asset or group of assets that would be recognised and measured as a single identifiable asset in a&#xa0;business combination.                    </p>       </li><li id="IFRS03_B7B_d"><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS03_B7B_P0005">if a tangible asset is attached to, and cannot be physically removed and used separately from, another tangible asset (or from an underlying asset subject to a lease, as defined in&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 16</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Leases</ph></ph>), without incurring significant cost, or significant diminution in utility or&#xa0;fair value&#xa0;to either asset (for example, land and buildings), those assets shall be considered a single identifiable asset.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS03_B7B_e"><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS03_B7B_P0006">when assessing whether assets are similar, an entity shall consider the nature of each single identifiable asset and the risks associated with managing and creating outputs from the assets (that is, the risk characteristics).                    </p>       </li><li id="IFRS03_B7B_f"><li_value>(f)</li_value>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS03_B7B_P0007">the following shall not be considered similar assets:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-roman"><li id="IFRS03_B7B_f_i"><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_B7B_P0008">a tangible asset and an&#xa0;intangible asset;                            </p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B7B_f_ii"><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_B7B_P0009">tangible assets in different classes (for example, inventory, manufacturing equipment and automobiles) unless they are considered a single identifiable asset in accordance with the criterion in subparagraph (d);                            </p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B7B_f_iii"><li_value>(iii)</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_B7B_P0010">identifiable intangible assets in different classes (for example, brand names, licences and intangible assets under development);                            </p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B7B_f_iv"><li_value>(iv)</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_B7B_P0011">a financial asset and a non-financial asset;</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B7B_f_v"><li_value>(v)</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_B7B_P0012">financial assets in different classes (for example, accounts receivable and investments in equity instruments); and</p>           </li><li id="IFRS03_B7B_f_vi"><li_value>(vi)</li_value>             <p id="IFRS03_B7B_P0013">identifiable assets that are within the same class of asset but have significantly different risk characteristics.                            </p>           </li></ol>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>