<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="d5e1419" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IFRIC02_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC02_P0113" class="- topic/p ">In August 2005, IAS 32 was amended as IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>. In February 2008 the IASB amended IAS 32 by requiring instruments to be classified as equity if those instruments have all the features and meet the conditions in <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_g16A-16B.dita#IAS32_g16A_16B/IAS32_g16A_16B_TI" id="IFRIC02_X0125" base="F6037733" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 16A and 16B</xref> or <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_g16C-16D.dita#IAS32_g16C_16D/IAS32_g16C_16D_TI" id="IFRIC02_X0126" base="F6037735" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 16C and 16D</xref> of IAS 32.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC02_FN0002" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC02_P0114" class="- topic/p ">In August 2005, IAS 32 was amended as IAS 32 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments: Presentation</ph></ph>. In February 2008 the IASB amended IAS 32 by requiring instruments to be classified as equity if those instruments have all the features and meet the conditions in <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_g16A-16B.dita#IAS32_g16A_16B/IAS32_g16A_16B_TI" id="IFRIC02_X0127" base="F19068152" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 16A and 16B</xref> or <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_g16C-16D.dita#IAS32_g16C_16D/IAS32_g16C_16D_TI" id="IFRIC02_X0128" base="F19068153" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 16C and 16D</xref> of IAS 32.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC02_FN0003" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC02_P0115" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, deleted paragraph 49 of IAS 39. The requirements in that paragraph were relocated, unchanged, to paragraph 47 of IFRS 13 as a consequence of the IASB’s fair value measurement project.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC02_FN0004" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC02_P0116" class="- topic/p ">In November 2009 and October 2010 the Board amended some of the requirements of IAS 39 and relocated them to IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>. Paragraph 49 of IAS 39 was relocated to paragraph 5.4.3 of IFRS 9. In May 2013 IFRS 13 deleted paragraphs 49 of IAS 39 and 5.4.3 of IFRS 9. The requirements in those paragraphs were relocated, unchanged, to paragraph 47 of IFRS 13 as a consequence of the Board’s fair value measurement project. Paragraph BC18 refers to matters relevant when IFRIC 2 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC02_FN0005" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRIC02_P0117" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. Paragraph 49 of IAS 39 was ultimately relocated to paragraph 47 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 13</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>. Paragraph BC18 refers to matters relevant when IFRIC 2 was issued.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>