<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="d5e1604"><title>Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0001">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0124">In May 2011, the Board amended IAS&#xa0;28 and changed its title to&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0002">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0125"><xref base="F16164989" href="../ifrs11/IFRS11_TOC.dita#IFRS11_TOC0001" id="IFRIC05_X0133"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;11</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2011, replaced IAS&#xa0;31.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0003">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0126">The consolidation requirements in IAS&#xa0;27 and SIC&#x2011;12 were superseded by&#xa0;<xref base="F16164988" href="../ifrs10/IFRS10_TOC.dita#IFRS10_TOC0001" id="IFRIC05_X0134">IFRS&#xa0;10&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Consolidated Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref>&#xa0;issued in May 2011.&#xa0;</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0004">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0127"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS&#xa0;9</ph>&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0005">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0128">In August 2005, IAS&#xa0;32 was amended as&#xa0;<xref base="F399671" href="../IAS32.ditamap" id="IFRIC05_X0135">IAS&#xa0;32&#xa0;<i>Financial Instruments: Presentation</i></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0006">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0129">Paragraph BC68I was renumbered as paragraph BC186 when IAS&#xa0;19 was amended in 2011.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0007">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0130">In August 2005, IAS&#xa0;32 was amended as&#xa0;<xref base="F77792228" href="../ias32/IAS32_TOC.dita#IAS32_TOC0001/IAS32_TOC0001_V2" id="IFRIC05_X0136">IAS&#xa0;32&#xa0;<i>Financial Instruments: Presentation</i></xref>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0008">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0131">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0009">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0132">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0010">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0133">Paragraph BC68I was renumbered as paragraph BC186 when IAS&#xa0;19 was amended in 2011.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0011">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0134"><xref base="F16218333" href="../ifrs11/IFRS11_TOC.dita#IFRS11_TOC0001" id="IFRIC05_X0137">IFRS&#xa0;11&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2011, replaced IAS&#xa0;31.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0012">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0135">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0013">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0136">An interest in a decommissioning fund would not meet the definition of held for trading because it is not acquired or incurred principally for the purpose of selling or repurchasing it in the near term, nor of a held-tomaturity investment because it does not have fixed or determinable maturity. In addition, an interest in a fund is excluded from the definition of loans and receivables in IAS&#xa0;39 since it is &#x2018;an interest acquired in a pool of assets that are not loans and receivables&#x2019;.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0014">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0137">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;eliminated the categories of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity financial assets.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0015">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0138">The amendment has been incorporated into the text of&#xa0;<xref base="F399747" href="../IAS39.ditamap" id="IFRIC05_X0138">IAS&#xa0;39</xref>&#xa0;as published in this volume.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0016">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0139">The reference to the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;is to IASC&#x2019;s&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;with the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0017">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0140">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0018">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0141">The reference to the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;is to IASC&#x2019;s&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the IASB in 2001. In September 2010 the IASB replaced the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph>&#xa0;with the&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0019">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0142">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0020">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0143">The reference to the&#xa0;<i>Framework</i>&#xa0;is to the IASC&#x2019;s&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, adopted by the Board in 2001 and in effect when the Interpretation was developed.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0021">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0144"><xref base="F16218334" href="../ifrs11/IFRS11_TOC.dita#IFRS11_TOC0001" id="IFRIC05_X0139">IFRS&#xa0;11&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2011, replaced IAS&#xa0;31.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0022">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0145">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0023">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0146"><xref base="F16218335" href="../ifrs11/IFRS11_TOC.dita#IFRS11_TOC0001" id="IFRIC05_X0140">IFRS&#xa0;11&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Joint Arrangements</ph></ph></xref>, issued in May 2011, replaced IAS&#xa0;31. IFRS&#xa0;11 does not permit an entity to use &#x2018;proportional consolidation&#x2019; for accounting for interests in joint ventures.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRIC05_FN0024">       <p id="IFRIC05_P0147">IFRS&#xa0;9&#xa0;<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>&#xa0;replaced IAS&#xa0;39. IFRS&#xa0;9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS&#xa0;39.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>