<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IAS01_edu_footnotes"><title>Edu Footnotes</title><body><bodydiv><fn base="IAS01_g10-14" id="IAS01_FN0003">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS01_P4324">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, May 2014, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>—issues           related to the application of IAS 1’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify           the application of some of the presentation requirements in IAS 1. The submitter expressed           a concern that the absence of definitions in IAS 1 and the lack of implementation guidance           give significant flexibility that may impair the comparability and understandability of           financial statements. The submitter provided examples in the following areas:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>             <p>presentation of expenses by function;</p>           </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p>presentation of additional lines, headings and subtotals;</p>           </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>             <p outputclass="keep_with_next">presentation of additional statements or columns in the               primary statements; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>             <p>application of the materiality and aggregation requirements.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>The Interpretations Committee observed that a complete set of financial statements is           comprised of items recognised and measured in accordance with IFRS.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that IAS 1 addresses the overall requirements for the           presentation of financial statements, guidelines for their structure and minimum           requirements for their content. It also noted that while IAS 1 does permit flexibility in           presentation, it also includes various principles for the presentation and content of           financial statements as well as more detailed requirements. These principles and more           detailed requirements are intended to limit the flexibility such that financial statements           present information that is relevant, reliable, comparable and understandable.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee observed that securities regulators, as well as some           members of the Interpretations Committee, were concerned about the presentation of           information in the financial statements that is not determined in accordance with IFRS.           They were particularly concerned when such information is presented on the face of the           primary statements. The Interpretations Committee noted that it would be beneficial if the           IASB’s Disclosure Initiative considered what guidance should be given for the presentation           of information beyond what is required in accordance with IFRS.</p>         <p>Consequently, the Interpretations Committee determined that it should not propose an           Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard and consequently decided not to add this           issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0005">                  <p id="IAS01_P5326">[The term ‘faithful representation’, which was           used in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual               Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2010 and is also used in the revised version of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual             Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2018, encompasses the main characteristics that the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> called           ‘reliability' (refer <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_g2.12-2.19.dita" scope="local"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual               Framework</ph></ph> paragraphs 2.12–2.19</xref> and <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_gBC2.21-BC2.51.dita" scope="local">Basis for Conclusions             paragraphs BC2.21–BC2.31</xref> and <xref href="IAS01_BC105J.dita" scope="local">IAS 1             Basis for Conclusions paragraph BC105J</xref>).]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS01_25" id="IAS01_25_EDUFN">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, June 2021, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 10</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Events after the Reporting Period</ph></ph>—Preparation           of Financial Statements when an Entity is No Longer a Going Concern’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about the accounting           applied by an entity that is no longer a going concern (as described in <xref href="IAS01_25.dita#IAS01_25">paragraph 25 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph>               <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial           Statements</ph></ph></xref>). The request asked whether such an entity:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>can prepare financial statements for prior periods on a               going concern basis if it was a going concern in those periods and has not previously               prepared financial statements for those periods (Question I); and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>restates comparative information to reflect the basis of               accounting used in preparing the current period’s financial statements if it had               previously issued financial statements for the comparative period on a going concern               basis (Question II).</p></li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">...</p>         <p>For the reasons noted above, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project           on these matters to the work plan.</p>         <p>[The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after <xref href="../ias10/IAS10_14.dita#IAS10_14">paragraph 14 of IAS 10</xref>.]]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS01_25" id="IAS01_FN0006">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS01_P4327">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>, July 2010, Agenda           Decision, ‘Going concern disclosure’</p>         <p>The Committee received a request for guidance on the disclosure requirements in IAS 1 on           uncertainties related to an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern.</p>         <p>How an entity applies the disclosure requirements in paragraph 25 of IAS 1 requires the           exercise of professional judgement. The Committee noted that paragraph 25 requires that an           entity shall disclose ‘material uncertainties related to events or conditions that may           cast significant doubt upon the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern’. The           Committee also noted that for this disclosure to be useful it must identify that the           disclosed uncertainties may cast significant doubt upon the entity’s ability to continue           as a going concern.</p>         <p>The Committee noted that IAS 1 provides sufficient guidance on the disclosure           requirements on uncertainties related to an entity’s ability to continue as a going           concern and that it does not expect diversity in practice. Therefore, the Committee           decided not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS01_25" id="IAS01_FN0007">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS01_P4328">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, July 2014, Agenda           Decision, ‘IAS 1 <i>Presentation of Financial Statements</i>—disclosure requirements           relating to assessment of going concern’</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a submission requesting clarification about the           disclosures required in relation to material uncertainties related to events or conditions           that may cast significant doubt upon the entity’s ability to continue as a going           concern. </p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee proposed to the IASB that it should make a narrow-scope           amendment to change the disclosure requirements in IAS 1 in response to this issue. At its           meeting in November 2013 the IASB discussed the issue and considered amendments proposed           by the staff, but decided not to proceed with these amendments and removed this topic from           its agenda. Consequently, the Interpretations Committee removed the topic from its           agenda. </p>         <p>The staff reported the results of the IASB’s discussion to the Interpretations Committee.           When considering this feedback about the IASB’s decision, the Interpretations Committee           discussed a situation in which management of an entity has considered events or conditions           that may cast significant doubt upon the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern.           Having considered all relevant information, including the feasibility and effectiveness of           any planned mitigation, management concluded that there are no material uncertainties that           require disclosure in accordance with paragraph 25 of IAS 1. However, reaching the           conclusion that there was no material uncertainty involved significant judgement. </p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee observed that paragraph 122 of IAS 1 requires disclosure of           the judgements made in applying the entity’s accounting policies and that have the most           significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements. The           Interpretations Committee also observed that in the circumstance discussed, the disclosure           requirements of paragraph 122 of IAS 1 would apply to the judgements made in concluding           that there remain no material uncertainties related to events or conditions that may cast           significant doubt upon the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS01_38" id="IAS01_FN0009">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS01_P4330">[IFRIC <i>Update</i>, June 2005, Agenda           Decision, ‘IAS 1 Comparatives for prospectuses’</p>         <p>The IFRIC considered whether to amend requirements in paragraph 36 (now <xref base="F7016384" href="IAS01_38.dita#IAS01_38" id="IAS01_X1006">paragraph 38</xref>) of           IAS 1 relating to comparative information, because of perceived practical problems in           complying with EU requirements for prospectuses.</p>         <p>The IFRIC decided not to add the item to its agenda because it believed that the issue           involved a difference of approach between IAS 1 and certain regulatory requirements that           were not capable of being resolved merely by issuing an interpretation of IAS 1.]</p>       </fn><fn id="IAS01_FN0010">                  <p id="IAS01_P5327">[The term ‘faithful representation’, which was           used in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual               Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2010 and is also used in the revised version of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual             Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2018, encompasses the main characteristics that the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> called           ‘reliability’ (refer <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_g2.12-2.19.dita" scope="local"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual               Framework</ph></ph> paragraphs 2.12–2.19</xref> and <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_gBC2.21-BC2.51.dita" scope="local">Basis for Conclusions             paragraphs BC2.21–BC2.31</xref> and <xref href="IAS01_BC105J.dita" scope="local">IAS 1             Basis for Conclusions paragraph BC105J</xref>).]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS01_g47-138" id="IAS01_FN0011">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS01_P4332">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, May 2014, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>—issues           related to the application of IAS 1’</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee received a request to clarify the application of some of           the presentation requirements in IAS 1. The submitter expressed a concern that the absence           of definitions in IAS 1 and the lack of implementation guidance give significant           flexibility that may impair the comparability and understandability of financial           statements. The submitter provided examples in the following areas:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>             <p>presentation of expenses by function;</p>           </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>             <p>presentation of additional lines, headings and subtotals;</p>           </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>             <p outputclass="keep_with_next">presentation of additional statements or columns in the               primary statements; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>             <p>application of the materiality and aggregation requirements.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>The Interpretations Committee observed that a complete set of financial statements is           comprised of items recognised and measured in accordance with IFRS.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that IAS 1 addresses the overall requirements for the           presentation of financial statements, guidelines for their structure and minimum           requirements for their content. It also noted that while IAS 1 does permit flexibility in           presentation, it also includes various principles for the presentation and content of           financial statements as well as more detailed requirements. These principles and more           detailed requirements are intended to limit the flexibility such that financial statements           present information that is relevant, reliable, comparable and understandable.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee observed that securities regulators, as well as some           members of the Interpretations Committee, were concerned about the presentation of           information in the financial statements that is not determined in accordance with IFRS.           They were particularly concerned when such information is presented on the face of the           primary statements. The Interpretations Committee noted that it would be beneficial if the           IASB’s Disclosure Initiative considered what guidance should be given for the presentation           of information beyond what is required in accordance with IFRS.</p>         <p>Consequently, the Interpretations Committee determined that it should not propose an           Interpretation nor an amendment to a Standard and consequently decided not to add this           issue to its agenda. [In December 2014 the Board issued ‘<i>Disclosure           Initiative</i>—Amendments to IAS 1’ which made a number of changes to IAS 1, including           adding paragraphs 30A, 55A, 85A and 85B to IAS 1]]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS01_54" id="EDUFN-ad2019-september-ap10_IAS01-condensed">                  <p>The Committee received a request about the presentation of liabilities or assets related           to uncertain tax treatments recognised applying <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRIC 23</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments</ph></ph> (uncertain tax liabilities or           assets). The request asked whether, in its statement of financial position, an entity is           required to present uncertain tax liabilities as current (or deferred) tax liabilities or,           instead, can present such liabilities within another line item such as provisions. A           similar question could arise regarding uncertain tax assets.</p>         <p>...</p>         <p>The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after <xref href="IAS01_54.dita#IAS01_54" scope="local">paragraph 54(o) of IAS           1</xref>.] </p>       </fn><fn base="IAS01_54" id="EDUFN-ad2019-september-ap10_IAS01">                  <p>The Committee received a request about the presentation of liabilities or assets related           to uncertain tax treatments recognised applying <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRIC 23</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments</ph></ph> (uncertain tax liabilities or           assets). The request asked whether, in its statement of financial position, an entity is           required to present uncertain tax liabilities as current (or deferred) tax liabilities or,           instead, can present such liabilities within another line item such as provisions. A           similar question could arise regarding uncertain tax assets.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">The definitions in IAS 12 of current           tax and deferred tax liabilities or assets</p>         <p>When there is uncertainty over income tax treatments, paragraph 4 of IFRIC 23 requires an           entity to ‘recognise and measure its current or deferred tax asset or liability applying           the requirements in IAS 12 based on taxable profit (tax loss), tax bases, unused tax           losses, unused tax credits and tax rates determined applying IFRIC 23’. Paragraph 5 of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Income Taxes</ph></ph> defines:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>current tax as the amount of income taxes payable (recoverable) in respect of the               taxable profit (tax loss) for a period; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>deferred tax liabilities (or assets) as the amounts of income taxes payable               (recoverable) in future periods in respect of taxable (deductible) temporary               differences and, in the case of deferred tax assets, the carryforward of unused tax               losses and credits.</p>           </li></ol>         <p>Consequently, the Committee observed that uncertain tax liabilities or assets recognised           applying IFRIC 23 are liabilities (or assets) for current tax as defined in IAS 12, or           deferred tax liabilities or assets as defined in IAS 12.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Presentation of uncertain tax           liabilities (or assets)</p>         <p>Neither IAS 12 nor IFRIC 23 contain requirements on the presentation of uncertain tax           liabilities or assets. Therefore, the presentation requirements in IAS 1 apply. Paragraph           54 of IAS 1 states that ‘the statement of financial position shall include line items that           present: …(n) liabilities and assets for current tax, as defined in IAS 12; (o) deferred           tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, as defined in IAS 12…’.</p>         <p>Paragraph 57 of IAS 1 states that paragraph 54 ‘lists items that are sufficiently           different in nature or function to warrant separate presentation in the statement of           financial position’. Paragraph 29 requires an entity to ‘present separately items of a           dissimilar nature or function unless they are immaterial’.</p>         <p>Accordingly, the Committee concluded that, applying IAS 1, an entity is required to           present uncertain tax liabilities as current tax liabilities (paragraph 54(n)) or deferred           tax liabilities (paragraph 54(o)); and uncertain tax assets as current tax assets           (paragraph 54(n)) or deferred tax assets (paragraph 54(o)).</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an           adequate basis for an entity to determine the presentation of uncertain tax liabilities           and assets. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add the matter to its           standard-setting agenda.]</p>       </fn>   <fn base="IAS01_55" id="EDUFN-ad2020-december-ap4_IAS01-condensed">                  <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Committee received a request about reverse factoring           arrangements. Specifically, the request asked:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>how an entity presents liabilities to pay for goods or               services received when the related invoices are part of a reverse factoring               arrangement; and</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>what information about reverse factoring arrangements an               entity is required to disclose in its financial statements.</p></li></ol>         <p>In a reverse factoring arrangement, a financial institution agrees to pay amounts an           entity owes to the entity’s suppliers and the entity agrees to pay the financial           institution at the same date as, or a date later than, suppliers are paid.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Presentation in the statement of           financial position</p>         <p><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> specifies           how an entity is required to present its liabilities in the statement of financial           position.</p>         <p><xref href="IAS01_54.dita" scope="local">Paragraph 54 of IAS 1</xref> requires an entity           to present ‘trade and other payables’ separately from other financial liabilities. ‘Trade           and other payables’ are sufficiently different in nature or function from other financial           liabilities to warrant separate presentation (<xref href="IAS01_57.dita" scope="local">paragraph 57 of IAS 1</xref>). <xref href="IAS01_55.dita" scope="local">Paragraph 55 of             IAS 1</xref> requires an entity to present additional line items (including by           disaggregating the line items listed in <xref href="IAS01_54.dita" scope="local">paragraph             54</xref>) when such presentation is relevant to an understanding of the entity’s           financial position. Consequently, an entity is required to determine whether to present           liabilities that are part of a reverse factoring arrangement:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value><p>within trade and other payables;</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value><p>within other financial liabilities; or</p></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value><p>as a line item separate from other items in its statement of               financial position.</p></li></ol>         <p><xref href="ias37/IAS37_11.dita" scope="local">Paragraph 11(a) of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 37</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent                 Assets</ph></ph></xref> states that ‘trade payables are liabilities to pay for goods           or services that have been received or supplied and have been invoiced or formally agreed           with the supplier’. <xref href="IAS01_70.dita" scope="local">Paragraph 70 of IAS 1</xref>           explains that ‘some current liabilities, such as trade payables… are part of the working           capital used in the entity’s normal operating cycle’. The Committee therefore concluded           that an entity presents a financial liability as a trade payable only when it:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>represents a liability to pay for goods or services;</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>is invoiced or formally agreed with the supplier; and</p></li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p>is part of the working capital used in the entity’s normal operating cycle.</p></li></ol>         <p><xref href="IAS01_29.dita" scope="local">Paragraph 29 of IAS 1</xref> requires an entity           to ‘present separately items of a dissimilar nature or function unless they are           immaterial’. <xref href="IAS01_57.dita" scope="local">Paragraph 57</xref> specifies that           line items are included in the statement of financial position when the size, nature or           function of an item (or aggregation of similar items) is such that separate presentation           is relevant to an understanding of the entity’s financial position. Accordingly, the           Committee concluded that, applying IAS 1, an entity presents liabilities that are part of           a reverse factoring arrangement:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>as part of ‘trade and other payables’ only when those liabilities have a similar               nature and function to trade payables—for example, when those liabilities are part of               the working capital used in the entity’s normal operating cycle.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>separately when the size, nature or function of those liabilities makes separate               presentation relevant to an understanding of the entity’s financial position. In               assessing whether it is required to present such liabilities separately (including               whether to disaggregate trade and other payables), an entity considers the amounts,               nature and timing of those liabilities (<xref href="IAS01_55.dita" scope="local">paragraphs 55</xref> and <xref href="IAS01_58.dita" scope="local">58 of IAS                 1</xref>).</p></li></ol>         <p>The Committee observed that an entity assessing whether to present liabilities that are           part of a reverse factoring arrangement separately might consider factors including, for           example:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>whether additional security is provided as part of the arrangement that would not be               provided without the arrangement.</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>the extent to which the terms of liabilities that are part of the arrangement differ               from the terms of the entity’s trade payables that are not part of the               arrangement.</p></li></ol>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Derecognition of a financial           liability</p>         <p>An entity assesses whether and when to derecognise a liability that is (or becomes) part           of a reverse factoring arrangement applying the derecognition requirements in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph>             <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph>.</p>         <p>An entity that derecognises a trade payable to a supplier and recognises a new financial           liability to a financial institution applies IAS 1 in determining how to present that new           liability in its statement of financial position (see ‘Presentation in the statement of           financial position’).</p>         <p>...</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" typeface="sansserif">Notes to the financial statements</p>         <p>...</p>         <p>An entity applies judgement in determining whether to provide additional disclosures in           the notes about the effect of reverse factoring arrangements on its financial position,           financial performance and cash flows. The Committee observed that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p>assessing how to present liabilities and cash flows related to reverse factoring               arrangements may involve judgement. An entity discloses the judgements that management               has made in this respect if they are among the judgements made that have the most               significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements (<xref href="IAS01_122.dita" scope="local">paragraph 122 of IAS 1</xref>).</p></li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p>reverse factoring arrangements may have a material effect on an entity’s financial               statements. An entity provides information about reverse factoring arrangements in its               financial statements to the extent that such information is relevant to an               understanding of any of those financial statements (<xref href="IAS01_112.dita" scope="local">paragraph 112 of IAS 1</xref>).</p></li></ol>         <p>The Committee noted that making materiality judgements involves both quantitative and           qualitative considerations.</p>         <p>...</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an           adequate basis for an entity to determine the presentation of liabilities that are part of           reverse factoring arrangements, the presentation of the related cash flows, and the           information to disclose in the notes about, for example, liquidity risks that arise in           such arrangements. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting           project on these matters to the work plan.] </p>       </fn>       <fn base="IAS01_60" id="IAS01_FN0012">                  <p>[The term ‘faithful representation’, which was used in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual             Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2010 and is also used in the revised version of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual             Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2018, encompasses the main characteristics that the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> called           ‘reliability’ (refer <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_g2.12-2.19.dita" scope="local"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual               Framework</ph></ph> paragraphs 2.12–2.19</xref> and <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_gBC2.21-BC2.51.dita" scope="local">Basis for Conclusions             paragraphs BC2.21–BC2.31</xref> and <xref href="IAS01_BC105J.dita" scope="local">IAS 1             Basis for Conclusions paragraph BC105J</xref>).]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS01_63" id="IAS01_FN0013">                  <p id="IAS01_P5328">[The term ‘faithful representation’, which was           used in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual               Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2010 and is also used in the revised version of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual             Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2018, encompasses the main characteristics that the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> called           ‘reliability’ (refer <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_g2.12-2.19.dita" scope="local"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual               Framework</ph></ph> paragraphs 2.12–2.19</xref> and <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_gBC2.21-BC2.51.dita" scope="local">Basis for Conclusions             paragraphs BC2.21–BC2.31</xref> and <xref href="IAS01_BC105J.dita" scope="local">IAS 1             Basis for Conclusions paragraph BC105J</xref>).]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS01_64" id="IAS01_FN0014">                  <p id="IAS01_P5329">[The term ‘faithful representation’, which was           used in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual               Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2010 and is also used in the revised version of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual             Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2018, encompasses the main characteristics that the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> called           ‘reliability’ (refer <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_g2.12-2.19.dita" scope="local"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual               Framework</ph></ph> paragraphs 2.12–2.19</xref> and <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_gBC2.21-BC2.51.dita" scope="local">Basis for Conclusions             paragraphs BC2.21–BC2.31</xref> and <xref href="IAS01_BC105J.dita" scope="local">IAS 1             Basis for Conclusions paragraph BC105J</xref>).]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS01_66" id="IAS01_FN0015">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS01_P4336">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, June 2005, Agenda           Decision, ‘IAS 1 Normal operating cycle’</p>         <p>The IFRIC considered an issue regarding the classification of current and non–current           assets by reference to an entity's normal operating cycle. It was asked whether the           guidance in paragraph 57(a) (now <xref base="F7015834" href="IAS01_66.dita#IAS01_66" id="IAS01_X1015">paragraph 66(a)</xref>) of IAS 1 was applicable only if an entity had a           predominant operating cycle. This is particularly relevant to the inventories of           conglomerates which, on a narrow reading of the wording, might always have to refer to the           twelve–month criterion in paragraph 57(c) (now <xref base="F7015837" href="IAS01_66.dita#IAS01_66" id="IAS01_X1016">paragraph 66(c)</xref>) of IAS 1, rather           than the operating cycle criterion.</p>         <p>The IFRIC decided not to consider the question further because, in its view, it was clear           that the wording should be read in both the singular and the plural and that it was the           nature of inventories in relation to the operating cycle that was relevant to           classification. Furthermore, if inventories of different cycles were held, and it was           material to readers' understanding of an entity's financial position, then the           general requirement in paragraph 71 (now <xref base="F7015839" href="IAS01_57.dita#IAS01_57" id="IAS01_X1017">paragraph 57</xref>) of IAS 1 already           required disclosure of further information.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS01_69" id="IAS01_FN0016">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS01_P4337">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, November 2010,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS               1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial           Statements</ph></ph>—Current/non‑current classification of a callable term loan’</p>         <p>The Committee received a request on the classification of a liability as current or           non‑current when the liability is not scheduled for repayment within twelve months after           the reporting period, but may be callable by the lender at any time without cause.</p>         <p>The Committee notes that paragraph 69(d) of IAS 1 requires that a liability must be           classified as a current liability if the entity does not have the unconditional right at           the reporting date to defer settlement for at least twelve months after the reporting           period.</p>         <p>The Committee noted that IAS 1 provides sufficient guidance on the presentation of           liabilities as current or non‑current and that it does not expect diversity in practice.           Consequently, the Committee decided not to add the issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS01_82" id="IAS01_FN0017">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS01_P4338">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, July 2012, Agenda           Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Income Taxes</ph></ph>—Presentation of payments on           non-income taxes’</p>         <p>The IFRS Interpretations Committee received a request seeking clarification of whether           production-based royalty payments payable to one taxation authority that are claimed as an           allowance against taxable profit for the computation of income tax payable to another           taxation authority should be presented as an operating expense or a tax expense in the           statement of comprehensive income.</p>         <p>As the basis for this request, the submitter assumed that the production-based royalty           payments are, in themselves, outside the scope of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 12</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Income               Taxes</ph></ph> while the income tax payable to the other taxation authority is within           the scope of IAS 12. On the basis of this assumption, the submitter asks the Committee to           clarify whether the production-based royalty payments can be viewed as prepayment of the           income tax payable. The Committee used the same assumption when discussing the issue.</p>         <p>The Committee observed that the line item of ‘tax expense’ that is required by paragraph           82(d) of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> is           intended to require an entity to present taxes that meet the definition of income taxes           under IAS 12. The Committee also noted that it is the basis of calculation determined by           the relevant tax rules that determines whether a tax meets the definition of an income           tax. Neither the manner of settlement of a tax liability nor the factors relating to           recipients of the tax is a determinant of whether an item meets that definition.</p>         <p>The Committee further noted that the production-based royalty payments should not be           treated differently from other expenses that are outside the scope of IAS 12, all of which           may reduce income tax payable. Accordingly, the Committee observed that it is           inappropriate to consider the royalty payments to be prepayment of the income tax           payables. Because the production-based royalties are not income taxes, the royalty           payments should not be presented as an income tax expense in the statement of           comprehensive income.</p>         <p>The Committee considered that, in the light of its analysis of the existing requirements           of IAS 1 and IAS 12, an interpretation was not necessary and consequently decided not to           add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS01_82" id="IAS01_EDUFN0002">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, March 2018, Agenda Decision,           ‘Presentation of interest revenue for particular financial instruments (<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>)’</p>         <p>The Committee received a request about the effect of the consequential amendment that           IFRS 9 made to paragraph 82(a) of IAS 1. That consequential amendment requires an entity           to present separately, in the profit or loss section of the statement of comprehensive           income or in the statement of profit or loss, interest revenue calculated using the           effective interest method. The request asked whether that requirement affects the           presentation of fair value gains and losses on derivative instruments that are not part of           a designated and effective hedging relationship (applying the hedge accounting           requirements in IFRS 9 or IAS 39 <i>Financial Instruments: Recognition and           Measurement</i>).</p>         <p>Appendix A to IFRS 9 defines the term ‘effective interest method’ and other related           terms. Those interrelated terms pertain to the requirements in IFRS 9 for amortised cost           measurement and the expected credit loss impairment model. In relation to financial           assets, the Committee observed that the effective interest method is a measurement           technique whose purpose is to calculate amortised cost and allocate interest revenue over           the relevant time period. The Committee also observed that the expected credit loss           impairment model in IFRS 9 is part of, and interlinked with, amortised cost           accounting. </p>         <p>The Committee noted that amortised cost accounting, including interest revenue calculated           using the effective interest method and credit losses calculated using the expected credit           loss impairment model, is applied only to financial assets that are subsequently measured           at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income. In contrast, amortised           cost accounting is not applied to financial assets that are subsequently measured at fair           value through profit or loss.</p>         <p>Consequently, the Committee concluded that the requirement in paragraph 82(a) of IAS 1 to           present separately an interest revenue line item calculated using the effective interest           method applies only to those assets that are subsequently measured at amortised cost or           fair value through other comprehensive income (subject to any effect of a qualifying           hedging relationship applying the hedge accounting requirements in IFRS 9 or IAS 39).</p>         <p>The Committee did not consider any other presentation requirements in IAS 1 or broader           matters related to the presentation of other ‘interest’ amounts in the statement of           comprehensive income. This is because the consequential amendment that IFRS 9 made to           paragraph 82(a) of IAS 1 did not affect those matters. More specifically, the Committee           did not consider whether an entity could present other interest amounts in the statement           of comprehensive income, in addition to presenting the interest revenue line item required           by paragraph 82(a) of IAS 1.</p>         <p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Standards provide an           adequate basis for an entity to apply paragraph 82(a) of IAS 1 and present separately, in           the profit or loss section of the statement of comprehensive income or in the statement of           profit or loss, interest revenue calculated using the effective interest method.           Consequently, the Committee decided not to add this matter to its standard-setting           agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn id="IAS01_FN0019">         <p id="IAS01_P4340">[IFRIC—Items not added to the agenda (February 2003): <ph outputclass="standard_ref"> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Operating and ordinary               activities</ph></ph>. The Board, in its exposure draft of Improvements to IAS 1,           proposed deleting the requirement that the line items: 'the results of operating           activities' and 'profit or loss from ordinary activities' be presented.           Because some entities are likely to continue presenting these line items, either           voluntarily or because they are required to do so (eg by local law), the IFRIC discussed           whether it would be appropriate for it to give guidance on the types of items that would           not be included in operating activities and ordinary activities. The IFRIC agreed not to           add this item to its agenda because it would be best dealt with as part of the joint           IASB/FASB project on reporting comprehensive income.]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS01_85" id="EDUFN_ad2015-january-ap4_IAS39andIAS01">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, January 2015, Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 39</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Financial Instruments: Recognition and             Measurement</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation               of Financial Statements</ph></ph>—Income and expenses arising on financial instruments           with a negative yield—presentation in the statement of comprehensive income’</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee discussed the ramifications of the economic phenomenon of           negative effective interest rates for the presentation of income and expenses in the           statement of comprehensive income.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee noted that interest resulting from a negative effective           interest rate on a financial asset does not meet the definition of interest revenue in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 18</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Revenue</ph></ph> [IAS 18 has been withdrawn. <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_4.2.dita">Paragraph 4.2 of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual Framework for Financial             Reporting</ph></ph> </xref>contains a definition of income], because it reflects a gross           outflow, instead of a gross inflow, of economic benefits. Consequently, the expense           arising on a financial asset because of a negative effective interest rate should not be           presented as interest revenue, but in an appropriate expense classification. The           Interpretations Committee noted that in accordance with <xref href="IAS01_85.dita">paragraphs 85</xref> and <xref href="IAS01_112.dita">112(c) of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph></xref>, the entity is required to           present additional information about such an amount if that is relevant to an           understanding of the entity’s financial performance or to an understanding of this           item.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee considered that in the light of the existing IFRS           requirements an interpretation was not necessary and consequently decided not to add the           issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn> <fn base="IAS01_99" id="IAS01_FN0021">                  <p id="IAS01_P5330">[The term ‘faithful representation’, which was           used in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual               Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2010 and is also used in the revised version of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual             Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2018, encompasses the main characteristics that the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> called           ‘reliability’ (refer <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_g2.12-2.19.dita" scope="local"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual               Framework</ph></ph> paragraphs 2.12–2.19</xref> and <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_gBC2.21-BC2.51.dita" scope="local">Basis for Conclusions             paragraphs BC2.21–BC2.31</xref> and <xref href="IAS01_BC105J.dita" scope="local">IAS 1             Basis for Conclusions paragraph BC105J</xref>).]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS01_105" id="IAS01_FN0022">                  <p id="IAS01_P5331">[The term ‘faithful representation’, which was           used in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual               Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2010 and is also used in the revised version of the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual             Framework</ph></ph> issued in 2018, encompasses the main characteristics that the <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Framework</ph></ph> called           ‘reliability’ (refer <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_g2.12-2.19.dita" scope="local"><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Conceptual               Framework</ph></ph> paragraphs 2.12–2.19</xref> and <xref href="../cf2018/CF2018_gBC2.21-BC2.51.dita" scope="local">Basis for Conclusions             paragraphs BC2.21–BC2.31</xref> and <xref href="IAS01_BC105J.dita" scope="local">IAS 1             Basis for Conclusions paragraph BC105J</xref>).]</p>       </fn><fn base="IAS01_122" id="IAS01_FN0023">         <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS01_P4344">[IFRIC® <i>Update</i>, November 2013,           Agenda Decision, ‘<ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 19</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title">Employee Benefit</ph></ph>—Actuarial           assumptions: discount rate’</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Interpretations Committee discussed a request for           guidance on the determination of the rate used to discount post-employment benefit           obligations. The submitter stated that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IAS01_P4345">according to paragraph 83 of IAS 19 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Employee Benefits</ph></ph> (2011) the discount               rate should be determined by reference to market yields at the end of the reporting               period on “high quality corporate bonds” (HQCB);</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS01_P4346">IAS 19 does not specify which corporate bonds qualify to be               HQCB;</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p id="IAS01_P4347">according to prevailing past practice, listed corporate bonds have               usually been considered to be HQCB if they receive one of the two highest ratings               given by a recognised rating agency (eg ‘AAA’ and ‘AA’); and</p>           </li><li><li_value>d.</li_value>             <p id="IAS01_P4348">because of the financial crisis, the number of corporate bonds rated               ‘AAA’ or ‘AA’ has decreased in proportions that the submitter considers               significant.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS01_P4349">In the light of the points above, the submitter asked the           Interpretations Committee whether corporate bonds with a rating lower than ‘AA’ can be           considered to be HQCB.</p>         <p>The Interpretations Committee observed that IAS 19 does not specify how to determine the           market yields on HQCB, and in particular what grade of bonds should be designated as high           quality. The Interpretations Committee considers that an entity should take into account           the guidance in paragraphs 84 and 85 of IAS 19 (2011) in determining what corporate bonds           can be considered to be HQCB. Paragraphs 84 and 85 of IAS 19 (2011) state that the           discount rate:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS01_P4350">reflects the time value of money but               not the actuarial or investment risk;</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS01_P4351">does not reflect the entity-specific credit risk;</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IAS01_P4352">does not reflect the risk that future               experience may differ from actuarial assumptions; and</p>           </li><li><li_value>d.</li_value>             <p id="IAS01_P4353">reflects the currency and the estimated timing of benefit               payments.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS01_P4354">The Interpretations Committee further noted that ‘high quality’ as used           in paragraph 83 of IAS 19 reflects an absolute concept of credit quality and not a concept           of credit quality that is relative to a given population of corporate bonds, which would           be the case, for example, if the paragraph used the term ‘the highest quality’.           Consequently, the Interpretations Committee observed that the concept of high quality           should not change over time. Accordingly, a reduction in the number of HQCB should not           result in a change to the concept of high quality. The Interpretations Committee does not           expect that an entity’s methods and techniques used for determining the discount rate so           as to reflect the yields on HQCB will change significantly from period to period.           Paragraphs 83 and 86 of IAS 19, respectively, contain requirements if the market in HQCB           is no longer deep or if the market remains deep overall, but there is an insufficient           number of HQCB beyond a certain maturity.</p>         <p outputclass="keep_with_next">The Interpretations Committee also noted that:</p>         <ol outputclass="static" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>a.</li_value>             <p id="IAS01_P4355">paragraphs 144 and 145 of IAS 19 (2011) require an entity to               disclose the significant actuarial assumptions used to determine the present value of               the defined benefit obligation and a sensitivity analysis for each significant               actuarial assumption;</p>           </li><li><li_value>b.</li_value>             <p id="IAS01_P4356">the discount rate is typically a significant actuarial assumption;               and</p>           </li><li><li_value>c.</li_value>             <p id="IAS01_P4357">an entity shall disclose the judgements that management has made in               the process of applying the entity's accounting policies and that have the most               significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements in accordance               with paragraph 122 of IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_title">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>;               typically the identification of the HQCB population used as a basis to determine the               discount rate requires the use of judgement, which may often have a significant effect               on the entity’s financial statements.</p>           </li></ol>         <p id="IAS01_P4358">The Interpretations Committee discussed this issue in several meetings           and noted that issuing additional guidance on, or changing the requirements for, the           determination of the discount rate would be too broad for it to address in an efficient           manner. The Interpretations Committee therefore recommends that this issue should be           addressed in the IASB’s research project on discount rates. Consequently, the           Interpretations Committee decided not to add this issue to its agenda.]</p>       </fn>       <fn base="IAS01_66" id="EDUFN-ad2022-march-ias1">         <p>The Committee received a request about whether an entity includes a demand deposit as a           component of cash and cash equivalents in its statements of cash flows and financial           position when the demand deposit is subject to contractual restrictions on use agreed with           a third party.</p>         <p>…</p><p>The Committee concluded that the principles and requirements in IFRS Accounting           Standards provide an adequate basis for an entity to determine whether to include demand           deposits subject to contractual restrictions on use agreed with a third party as a           component of cash and cash equivalents in its statements of cash flows and financial           position. Consequently, the Committee decided not to add a standard-setting project to the           work plan.</p>         <p>[The full text of the agenda decision is reproduced after paragraph 6 of IAS 7.]]</p>       </fn>     </bodydiv></body></topic>