<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IFRS05_0002"><title base="SL160593" id="IFRS05_0002_TI" level="2">Example 2</title><body><p base="SL160594" id="IFRS05_P0211">An entity is committed to a plan to sell a manufacturing facility and has initiated actions to locate a buyer. At the plan commitment date, there is a backlog of uncompleted customer orders. </p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL160595" id="IFRS05_L0024" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="SL160597" id="IFRS05_P0212">The entity intends to sell the manufacturing facility with its operations. Any uncompleted customer orders at the sale date will be transferred to the buyer. The transfer of uncompleted customer orders at the sale date will not affect the timing of the transfer of the facility. The criterion in <xref base="F15830961" href="IFRS05_7.dita#IFRS05_7" id="IFRS05_X0285">paragraph 7</xref> would be met at the plan commitment date.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="SL160599" id="IFRS05_P0213">The entity intends to sell the manufacturing facility, but without its operations. The entity does not intend to transfer the facility to a buyer until after it ceases all operations of the facility and eliminates the backlog of uncompleted customer orders. The delay in the timing of the transfer of the facility imposed by the entity (seller) demonstrates that the facility is not available for immediate sale. The criterion in <xref base="F15831004" href="IFRS05_7.dita#IFRS05_7" id="IFRS05_X0286">paragraph 7</xref> would not be met until the operations of the facility cease, even if a firm purchase commitment for the future transfer of the facility were obtained earlier.</p></li></ol></body></topic>