<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic id="IFRS05_0003"><title base="SL160600" id="IFRS05_0003_TI" level="2">Example 3</title><body><p base="SL160601" id="IFRS05_P0214">An entity acquires through foreclosure a property comprising land and buildings that it intends to sell. </p><ol outputclass="static" base="SL160602" id="IFRS05_L0025" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="SL160604" id="IFRS05_P0215">The entity does not intend to transfer the property to a buyer until after it completes renovations to increase the property&#x2019;s sales value. The delay in the timing of the transfer of the property imposed by the entity (seller) demonstrates that the property is not available for immediate sale. The criterion in <xref base="F15831006" href="IFRS05_7.dita#IFRS05_7" id="IFRS05_X0287">paragraph&#xa0;7</xref> would not be met until the renovations are completed.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="SL160606" id="IFRS05_P0216">After the renovations are completed and the property is classified as held for sale                      but before a firm purchase commitment is obtained, the entity becomes aware of environmental damage requiring remediation. The entity still intends to sell the property. However, the entity does not have the ability to transfer the property to a buyer until after the remediation is completed. The delay in the timing of the transfer of the property imposed by others before a firm purchase commitment is obtained demonstrates that the property is not available for immediate sale. The criterion in <xref base="F15831176" href="IFRS05_7.dita#IFRS05_7" id="IFRS05_X0289">paragraph&#xa0;7</xref> would not continue to be met. The property would be reclassified as held and used in accordance with <xref base="F15831057" id="IFRS05_X0290" keyref="IFRS05_26">paragraph 26</xref>.</p>       </li></ol></body></topic>