<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd"><paragraph id="IFRS08_27" base="F1260011" principles="no"><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts><navtitle>27</navtitle></titlealts><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 8"/><data name="paranum" value="27"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS08_P0102">An entity shall provide an explanation of the measurements of segment profit or loss, segment assets and segment liabilities for each reportable segment.              At a minimum, an entity shall disclose the following:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS08_L0013" base="F1260013" type="lower-alpha"><li id="IFRS08_27_a"><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS08_P0103" base="F1260014">the basis of accounting for any transactions between reportable segments.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS08_27_b"><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS08_P0104" base="F1260030">the nature of any differences between the measurements of the reportable segments’ profits or losses and the entity’s profit or loss before income tax expense or income and discontinued operations (if not apparent from the reconciliations described in <xref id="IFRS08_X0118" base="F1748459" href="IFRS08_g28-28.dita#IFRS08_g28-28/IFRS08_g28-28_TI">paragraph 28</xref>). Those differences could include accounting policies and policies for allocation of centrally incurred costs that are necessary for an understanding of the reported segment information.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS08_27_c"><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS08_P0105" base="F1260032">the nature of any differences between the measurements of the reportable segments’                      assets and the entity’s assets (if not apparent from the reconciliations described in <xref id="IFRS08_X0120" base="F1695135" href="IFRS08_g28-28.dita#IFRS08_g28-28/IFRS08_g28-28_TI">paragraph 28</xref>). Those differences could include accounting policies and policies for allocation of jointly used assets that are necessary for an understanding of the reported segment information.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS08_27_d"><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS08_P0106" base="F1260034">the nature of any differences between the measurements of the reportable segments’ liabilities and the entity’s liabilities (if not apparent from the reconciliations described in <xref id="IFRS08_X0121" base="F1695136" href="IFRS08_g28-28.dita#IFRS08_g28-28/IFRS08_g28-28_TI">paragraph 28</xref>). Those differences could include accounting policies and policies for allocation of jointly utilised liabilities that are necessary for an understanding of the reported segment information.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS08_27_e"><li_value>(e)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS08_P0107" base="F1260036">the nature of any changes from prior periods in the measurement methods used to determine reported segment profit or loss and the effect, if any, of those changes on the measure of segment profit or loss.</p>       </li><li id="IFRS08_27_f"><li_value>(f)</li_value>         <p id="IFRS08_P0108" base="F1260038">the nature and effect of any asymmetrical allocations to reportable segments. For example, an entity might allocate depreciation expense to a segment without allocating the related depreciable assets to that segment.</p>                </li></ol></body></paragraph>