<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS02_IG17" base="SL34538" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">IG17</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 2" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IG17" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><variant id="IFRS02_IG17_V2" class="+ topic/bodydiv ifrs-d/variant ">       <p id="IFRS02_P1021" class="- topic/p ">There are many different types of employee share and share option plans. The following example illustrates the application of IFRS 2 to one particular type of plan—an employee share purchase plan. Typically, an employee share purchase plan provides employees with the opportunity to purchase the entity’s shares at a discounted price. The terms and conditions under which employee share purchase plans operate differ from country to country. That is to say, not only are there many different types of employee share and share options plans, there are also many different types of employee share purchase plans. Therefore, the following example illustrates the application of IFRS 2 to one specific employee share purchase plan. </p>       <table outputclass="ruled" base="SL75893" frame="all" id="IFRS02_TAB0014" orient="port" pgwide="0" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colname="C1" colnum="1" colsep="0" colwidth="100*" rowsep="0" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">                 IG Example 11               </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">                 <p base="SL156825" id="IFRS02_P1023" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Employee share purchase plan</i></p>               </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">                 <p base="F20706239" id="IFRS02_P1024" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p>                 <p base="SL156826" id="IFRS02_P1025" class="- topic/p ">An entity offers all its 1,000 employees the opportunity to participate in an employee share purchase plan. The employees have two weeks to decide whether to accept the offer. Under the terms of the plan, the employees are entitled to purchase a maximum of 100 shares each. The purchase price will be 20 per cent less than the market price of the entity’s shares at the date the offer is accepted, and the purchase price must be paid immediately upon acceptance of the offer. All shares purchased must be held in trust for the employees, and cannot be sold for five years. The employee is not permitted to withdraw from the plan during that period. For example, if the employee ceases employment during the five‑year period, the shares must nevertheless remain in the plan until the end of the five‑year period. Any dividends paid during the five‑year period will be held in trust for the employees until the end of the five‑year period.</p>               </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">                 <p base="SL156827" id="IFRS02_P1026" class="- topic/p ">In total, 800 employees accept the offer and each employee purchases, on average, 80 shares, ie the employees purchase a total of 64,000 shares. The weighted‑average market price of the shares at the purchase date is CU30 per share, and the weighted‑average purchase price is CU24 per share.</p>               </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">                 <p base="F20706241" id="IFRS02_P1027" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application of requirements</b></p>                 <p base="SL156828" id="IFRS02_P1028" class="- topic/p ">For transactions with employees, IFRS 2 requires the transaction amount to be measured by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments granted (IFRS 2, <xref href="IFRS02_11.dita#IFRS02_11" base="F16039877" id="IFRS02_X0611" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 11</xref>). To apply this requirement, it is necessary first to determine the type of equity instrument granted to the employees. Although the plan is described as an employee share purchase plan (ESPP), some ESPPs include option features and are therefore, in effect, share option plans. For example, an ESPP might include a ‘look‑back feature’, whereby the employee is able to purchase shares at a discount, and choose whether the discount is applied to the entity’s share price at the date of grant or its share price at the date of purchase. Or an ESPP might specify the purchase price, and then allow the employees a significant period of time to decide whether to participate in the plan. Another example of an option feature is an ESPP that permits the participating employees to cancel their participation before or at the end of a specified period and obtain a refund of amounts previously paid into the plan.</p>               </entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">                 <p base="SL156829" id="IFRS02_P1029" class="- topic/p ">However, in this example, the plan includes no option features. The discount is applied to the share price at the purchase date, and the employees are not permitted to withdraw from the plan.</p>               </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">                 <p base="SL156830" id="IFRS02_P1030" class="- topic/p ">Another factor to consider is the effect of post‑vesting transfer restrictions, if any. <xref href="IFRS02_B3.dita#IFRS02_B3" base="F16039878" id="IFRS02_X0612" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph B3</xref> of IFRS 2 states that, if shares are subject to restrictions on transfer after vesting date, that factor should be taken into account when estimating the fair value of those shares, but only to the extent that the post‑vesting restrictions affect the price that a knowledgeable, willing market participant would pay for that share. For example, if the shares are actively traded in a deep and liquid market, post‑vesting transfer restrictions may have little, if any, effect on the price that a knowledgeable, willing market participant would pay for those shares.</p>               </entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">                 <p base="SL156831" id="IFRS02_P1031" class="- topic/p ">In this example, the shares are vested when purchased, but cannot be sold for five years after the date of purchase. Therefore, the entity should consider the valuation effect of the five‑year post‑vesting transfer restriction. This entails using a valuation technique to estimate what the price of the restricted share would have been on the purchase date in an arm’s length transaction between knowledgeable, willing parties. Suppose that, in this example, the entity estimates that the fair value of each restricted share is CU28. In this case, the fair value of the equity instruments granted is CU4 per share (being the fair value of the restricted share of CU28 less the purchase price of CU24). Because 64,000 shares were purchased, the total fair value of the equity instruments granted is CU256,000.</p>               </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">                 <p base="SL156832" id="IFRS02_P1032" class="- topic/p ">In this example, there is no vesting period. Therefore, in accordance with <xref href="IFRS02_14.dita#IFRS02_14" base="F16039909" id="IFRS02_X0613" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 14</xref> of IFRS 2, the entity should recognise an expense of CU256,000 immediately.</p>               </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">                 <p base="SL156833" id="IFRS02_P1033" class="- topic/p ">However, in some cases, the expense relating to an ESPP might not be material. <xref href="../ias08/IAS08_TOC.dita#IAS08_TOC0001" base="F16039910" id="IFRS02_X0614" class="- topic/xref "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 8</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors</ph></ph></xref> states that the accounting policies in IFRSs need not be applied when the effect of applying them is immaterial (<xref href="../ias08/IAS08_8.dita#IAS08_8" base="F16039911" id="IFRS02_X0615" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 8, paragraph 8</xref>). <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IAS 1</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph> states that information is material if omitting, misstating or obscuring it could reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements, which provide financial information about a specific reporting entity. Materiality depends on the nature or magnitude of information, or both. An entity assesses whether information, either individually or in combination with other information, is material in the context of its financial statements taken as a whole (<xref href="ias01/IAS01_7.dita" class="- topic/xref ">IAS 1, paragraph 7</xref>). Therefore, in this example, the entity should consider whether the expense of CU256,000 is material.</p>               </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table>     </variant></body></paragraph>