<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS02_IG5D" base="F9045150" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">IG5D</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 2" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IG5D" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS02_P0421" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS02_13A.dita#IFRS02_13A" id="IFRS02_X0452" base="F15999409" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 13A</xref> of IFRS 2 specifies how such transactions should be measured. The following example illustrates how the entity should apply the requirements of the IFRS to a transaction in which the entity cannot identify specifically some or all of the goods or services received.</p><table outputclass="ruled" id="IFRS02_TAB0002" base="F9045151" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec colnum="1" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" colsep="0" rowsep="0" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" rowsep="1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> IG Example 1</entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="3" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS02_P0423" base="F9047565" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Share‑based payment transaction in which the entity cannot identify specifically some or all of the goods or services received</i></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS02_P0424" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS02_P0425" base="F9047566" class="- topic/p ">An entity granted shares with a total fair value of CU100,000<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS02_FN0023" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> to parties other than employees who are from a particular section of the community (historically disadvantaged individuals), as a means of enhancing its image as a good corporate citizen. The economic benefits derived from enhancing its corporate image could take a variety of forms, such as increasing its customer base, attracting or retaining employees, or improving or maintaining its ability to tender successfully for business contracts.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS02_P0426" base="F9047567" class="- topic/p ">The entity cannot identify the specific consideration received. For example, no cash was received and no service conditions were imposed. Therefore, the identifiable consideration (nil) is less than the fair value of the equity instruments granted (CU100,000).</p></entry></row><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS02_P0427" typeface="sansserif" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application of requirements</b></p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS02_P0428" base="F9047571" class="- topic/p ">Although the entity cannot identify the specific goods or services received, the circumstances indicate that goods or services have been (or will be) received, and therefore IFRS 2 applies.</p></entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" align="left" class="- topic/entry "> <p id="IFRS02_P0429" base="F9047572" class="- topic/p ">In this situation, because the entity cannot identify the specific goods or services received, the rebuttable presumption in <xref href="IFRS02_13.dita#IFRS02_13" id="IFRS02_X0453" base="F15999410" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 13</xref> of IFRS 2, that the fair value of the goods or services received can be estimated reliably, does not apply. The entity should instead measure the goods or services received by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments granted.</p></entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>