<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS02_IG15" base="SL34536" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">IG15</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 2" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IG15" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS02_P0641" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS02_g26-29.dita" scope="local" id="IFRS02_X0559" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraphs 26–29</xref> and <xref href="IFRS02_gB42-B44.dita" scope="local" id="IFRS02_X0560" class="- topic/xref ">B42–B44</xref> of the IFRS set out requirements that apply if a share option is repriced (or the entity otherwise modifies the terms or conditions of a share‑based payment arrangement). Examples 7–9 illustrate some of these requirements. </p><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL75889" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS02_TAB0009" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="4" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="9*" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="left" colnum="2" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C2" colwidth="51*" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="right" colnum="3" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C3" colwidth="20*" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="right" colnum="4" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C4" colwidth="20*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" rowsep="1" namest="C1" nameend="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               IG Example 7             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" namest="C1" nameend="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156800" id="IFRS02_P0643" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Grant of share options that are subsequently repriced</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" namest="C1" nameend="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0644" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b> </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" namest="C1" nameend="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156801" id="IFRS02_P0645" class="- topic/p ">At the beginning of year 1, an entity grants 100 share options to each of its 500 employees. Each grant is conditional upon the employee remaining in service over the next three years.                                  The entity estimates that the fair value of each option is CU15.                                  On the basis of a weighted average probability, the entity estimates that 100 employees will leave during the three‑year period and therefore forfeit their rights to the share options.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" namest="C1" nameend="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156802" id="IFRS02_P0646" class="- topic/p ">Suppose that 40 employees leave during year 1. Also suppose that by the end of year 1, the entity’s share price has dropped, and the entity reprices its share options,                                  and that the repriced share options vest at the end of year 3. The entity estimates that a further 70 employees will leave during years 2 and 3, and hence the total expected employee departures over the three‑year vesting period is 110 employees. During year 2, a further 35 employees leave, and the entity estimates that a further 30 employees will leave during year 3, to bring the total expected employee departures over the three‑year vesting period to 105 employees. During year 3, a total of 28 employees leave, and hence a total of 103 employees ceased employment during the vesting period. For the remaining 397 employees, the share options vested at the end of year 3.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" namest="C1" nameend="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156803" id="IFRS02_P0647" class="- topic/p ">The entity estimates that, at the date of repricing, the fair value of each of the original share options granted (ie before taking into account the repricing) is CU5 and that the fair value of each repriced share option is CU8.</p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" namest="C1" nameend="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0648" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application of requirements</b></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" namest="C1" nameend="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156804" id="IFRS02_P0649" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS02_27.dita#IFRS02_27" base="F16039716" id="IFRS02_X0565" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 27</xref> of the IFRS requires the entity to recognise the effects of modifications that increase the total fair value of the share‑based payment arrangement or are otherwise beneficial to the employee. If the modification increases the fair value of the equity instruments granted (eg by reducing the exercise price), measured immediately before and after the modification, <xref href="IFRS02_B43.dita#IFRS02_B43" base="F16039717" id="IFRS02_X0566" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B43(a) of Appendix B</xref> requires the entity to include the incremental fair value granted (ie the difference between the fair value of the modified equity instrument and that of the original equity instrument, both estimated as at the date of the modification) in the measurement of the amount recognised for services received as consideration for the equity instruments granted. If the modification occurs during the vesting period, the incremental fair value granted is included in the measurement of the amount recognised for services received over the period from the modification date until the date when the modified equity instruments vest, in addition to the amount based on the grant date fair value of the original equity instruments, which is recognised over the remainder of the original vesting period.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" namest="C1" nameend="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156805" id="IFRS02_P0650" class="- topic/p ">The incremental value is CU3 per share option (CU8 – CU5). This amount is recognised over the remaining two years of the vesting period, along with remuneration expense based on the original option value of CU15.</p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="5" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" namest="C1" nameend="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156806" id="IFRS02_P0651" class="- topic/p ">The amounts recognised in years 1–3 are as follows:</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0652" class="- topic/p ">Year</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F1212274" id="IFRS02_P0653" class="- topic/p ">Calculation                                </p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C3" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0654" class="- topic/p ">Remuneration expense for period</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C4" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0655" class="- topic/p ">Cumulative remuneration expense</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0656" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry><entry colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0657" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C3" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0658" class="- topic/p ">CU</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0659" class="- topic/p ">CU</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0660" class="- topic/p ">1</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F1212312" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0661" class="- topic/p ">(500 – 110) employees                                  × 100 options × CU15                                  × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">1</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">3</sub>                                </p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C3" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0662" class="- topic/p ">195,000</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C4" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0663" class="- topic/p ">195,000</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0664" class="- topic/p ">2</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F1212360" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0665" class="- topic/p ">(500 – 105) employees                                  × 100 options × (CU15                                  × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">2</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">3</sub>                                  + CU3                                  × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">1</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">2</sub>) – CU195,000</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C3" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0666" class="- topic/p ">259,250</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C4" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0667" class="- topic/p ">454,250</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0668" class="- topic/p ">3</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F1212462" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0669" class="- topic/p ">(500 – 103) employees                                  × 100 options × (CU15 + CU3) – CU454,250</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C3" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0670" class="- topic/p ">260,350</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C4" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0671" class="- topic/p ">714,600</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL75890" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS02_TAB0010" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" rowsep="1" class="- topic/entry ">               IG Example 8             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="3" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156807" id="IFRS02_P0673" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Grant of share options with a vesting condition that is subsequently modified</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0674" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156808" id="IFRS02_P0675" class="- topic/p ">At the beginning of year 1, the entity grants 1,000 share options to each member of its sales team, conditional upon the employee remaining in the entity’s employ for three years,                                  and the team selling more than 50,000 units of a particular product over the three‑year period.                                  The fair value of the share options is CU15 per option                                  at the date of grant.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156809" id="IFRS02_P0676" class="- topic/p ">During year 2, the entity increases the sales target to 100,000 units.                                  By the end of year 3, the entity has sold 55,000 units, and the share options are forfeited. Twelve members of the sales team have remained in service for the three‑year period.</p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0677" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application of requirements</b> </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156810" id="IFRS02_P0678" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS02_20.dita#IFRS02_20" base="F16039797" id="IFRS02_X0583" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 20</xref> of the IFRS requires, for a performance condition that is not a market condition, the entity to recognise the services received during the vesting period based on the best available estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest and to revise that estimate, if necessary, if subsequent information indicates that the number of equity instruments expected to vest differs from previous estimates. On vesting date, the entity revises the estimate to equal the number of equity instruments that ultimately vested. However, <xref href="IFRS02_27.dita#IFRS02_27" base="F16039798" id="IFRS02_X0584" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 27</xref> of the IFRS requires, irrespective of any modifications to the terms and conditions on which the equity instruments were granted, or a cancellation or settlement of that grant of equity instruments, the entity to recognise, as a minimum, the services received, measured at the grant date fair value of the equity instruments granted, unless those equity instruments do not vest because of failure to satisfy a vesting condition (other than a market condition) that was specified at grant date. Furthermore, <xref href="IFRS02_B44.dita#IFRS02_B44" base="F16039829" id="IFRS02_X0585" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph B44(c) of Appendix B</xref> specifies that, if the entity modifies the vesting conditions in a manner that is not beneficial to the employee, the entity does not take the modified vesting conditions into account when applying the requirements of <xref href="IFRS02_19.dita#IFRS02_19" base="F16039830" id="IFRS02_X0586" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 19–21</xref> of the IFRS.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156811" id="IFRS02_P0679" class="- topic/p ">Therefore, because the modification to the performance condition made it less likely that the share options will vest, which was not beneficial to the employee, the entity takes no account of the modified performance condition when recognising the services received. Instead, it continues to recognise the services received over the three‑year period based on the original vesting conditions. Hence, the entity ultimately recognises cumulative remuneration expense of CU180,000 over the three‑year period (12 employees × 1,000 options × CU15).</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156812" id="IFRS02_P0680" class="- topic/p ">The same result would have occurred if, instead of modifying the performance target, the entity had increased the number of years of service required for the share options to vest from three years to ten years. Because such a modification would make it less likely that the options will vest, which would not be beneficial to the employees, the entity would take no account of the modified service condition when recognising the services received. Instead, it would recognise the services received from the twelve employees who remained in service over the original three‑year vesting period.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table><table outputclass="ruled" base="SL75891" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS02_TAB0011" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="5" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="8*" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="left" colnum="2" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C2" colwidth="45*" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="right" colnum="3" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C3" colwidth="16*" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="right" colnum="4" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C4" colwidth="16*" class="- topic/colspec "/><colspec align="right" colnum="5" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C5" colwidth="15*" class="- topic/colspec "/><thead class="- topic/thead "><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" rowsep="1" namest="C1" nameend="C5" class="- topic/entry ">               IG Example 9             </entry></row></thead><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" namest="C1" nameend="C5" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156813" id="IFRS02_P0682" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Grant of shares, with a cash alternative subsequently added</i></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" namest="C1" nameend="C5" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0683" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b> </p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" namest="C1" nameend="C5" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156814" id="IFRS02_P0684" class="- topic/p ">At the beginning of year 1, the entity grants 10,000 shares with a fair value of CU33 per share to a senior executive, conditional upon the completion of three years’ service.                                  By the end of year 2, the share price has dropped to CU25 per share. At that date, the entity adds a cash alternative to the grant, whereby the executive can choose whether to receive 10,000 shares or cash equal to the value of 10,000 shares on vesting date. The share price is CU22 on vesting date.</p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" namest="C1" nameend="C5" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0685" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Application of requirements</b></p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" namest="C1" nameend="C5" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156815" id="IFRS02_P0686" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS02_27.dita#IFRS02_27" base="F16039831" id="IFRS02_X0587" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 27</xref> of the IFRS requires, irrespective of any modifications to the terms and conditions on which the equity instruments were granted, or a cancellation or settlement of that grant of equity instruments, the entity to recognise, as a minimum, the services received measured at the grant date fair value of the equity instruments granted, unless those equity instruments do not vest because of failure to satisfy a vesting condition (other than a market condition) that was specified at grant date. Therefore, the entity recognises the services received over the three‑year period, based on the grant date fair value of the shares.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" namest="C1" nameend="C5" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="SL156816" id="IFRS02_P0687" class="- topic/p ">Furthermore, the addition of the cash alternative at the end of year 2 creates an obligation to settle in cash. In accordance with the requirements for cash‑settled share‑based payment transactions (<xref href="IFRS02_30.dita#IFRS02_30" base="F16039832" id="IFRS02_X0588" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 30–33</xref> of the IFRS), the entity recognises the liability to settle in cash at the modification date, based on the fair value of the shares at the modification date and the extent to which the specified services have been received. Furthermore, the entity remeasures the fair value of the liability at the end of each reporting period and at the date of settlement, with any changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss for the period. Therefore, the entity recognises the following amounts:</p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="7" class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0688" class="- topic/p ">Year</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F24566648" id="IFRS02_P0689" class="- topic/p ">Calculation                                </p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C3" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0690" class="- topic/p ">Expense</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0691" class="- topic/p ">Equity</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C5" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0692" class="- topic/p ">Liability</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0693" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry><entry colname="C2" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0694" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C3" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0695" class="- topic/p ">CU</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0696" class="- topic/p ">CU</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C5" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0697" class="- topic/p ">CU</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0698" class="- topic/p ">1</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F1212589" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0699" class="- topic/p ">Remuneration expense for year: 10,000 shares                                  × CU33                                  × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">1</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">3</sub>                                </p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C3" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0701" class="- topic/p ">110,000</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C4" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0702" class="- topic/p ">110,000</p>             </entry><entry colname="C5" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0703" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0704" class="- topic/p ">2</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F1212650" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0705" class="- topic/p ">Remuneration expense for year: (10,000 shares × CU33 × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">2</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">3</sub>) – CU110,000</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C3" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0706" class="- topic/p ">110,000</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C4" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0707" class="- topic/p ">110,000</p>             </entry><entry colname="C5" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0708" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0709" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F1212711" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0710" class="- topic/p ">Reclassify equity to liabilities: 10,000 shares × CU25 × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">2</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">3</sub></p>             </entry><entry colname="C3" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0711" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C4" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0712" class="- topic/p ">(166,667)</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C5" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0713" class="- topic/p ">166,667</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry align="left" colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0714" class="- topic/p ">3</p>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F1212716" typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0715" class="- topic/p ">Remuneration expense for year: (10,000 shares × CU33 × <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">3</sup>/<sub class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sub ">3</sub>)                                   – CU220,000</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C3" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0716" class="- topic/p ">110,000<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS02_FN0025" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/></p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C4" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0717" class="- topic/p ">26,667</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C5" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0718" class="- topic/p ">83,333</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0719" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" base="F1212761" id="IFRS02_P0720" class="- topic/p ">Adjust liability to closing fair value:                                  (CU166,667 + CU83,333) – (CU22 × 10,000 shares)</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C3" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0721" class="- topic/p ">(30,000)</p>             </entry><entry colname="C4" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0722" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C5" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0723" class="- topic/p ">(30,000)</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0724" class="- topic/p "/>             </entry><entry align="left" colname="C2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0725" class="- topic/p ">Total</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C3" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0726" class="- topic/p ">300,000</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C4" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0727" class="- topic/p ">80,000</p>             </entry><entry align="right" colname="C5" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS02_P0728" class="- topic/p ">220,000</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>