<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS16_BC120" base="F45931206"><paranum>BC120</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC120"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P2013">In the IASB&#x2019;s view, the decisions about how and for what purpose an asset is used are more important in determining control of the use of an asset than other decisions to be made about use, including decisions about operating and maintaining the asset. This is because decisions about how and for what purpose an asset is used determine how, and what, economic benefits are derived from use. How and for what purpose an asset is used is a single concept, ie &#x2018;how&#x2019; an asset is used is not assessed separately from &#x2018;for what purpose&#x2019; an asset is used. Decisions regarding operating an asset are generally about implementing the decisions about how and for what purpose an asset is used and are dependent upon (and subordinate to) those decisions. For example, a supplier&#x2019;s operational decisions would have no effect on the economic benefits derived from use of an asset if the customer decides that the asset should not be used. In addition, if the supplier makes decisions about operating or maintaining an underlying asset, it often does so to protect its interest in that asset. The IASB observed that considering decisions about how and for what purpose an asset is used can be viewed as similar to considering the decisions made by a board of directors when assessing control of the entity. Decisions made by a board of directors about the operating and financing activities of an entity are generally the decisions that matter in that control assessment, rather than the actions of individuals in implementing those decisions.</p></body></paragraph>