<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F45931213" id="IFRS16_BC125"><paranum>BC125</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC125"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P2018">In developing <xref base="F47962495" href="IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" id="IFRS16_X0898">IFRS 16</xref>, the IASB considered alternatives suggested by stakeholders regarding the definition of a lease. The main alternatives considered are described below:</p><ol base="F45931215" id="IFRS16_L0125" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p base="F45931216" id="IFRS16_P2019"><i>Financing component</i>: the IASB considered requiring a lease to be a financing arrangement for the right to use an asset. In other words, there would have to be a clearly identifiable financing component for a contract to contain a lease. However, the IASB did not adopt this approach because:</p>         <ol base="F45931224" id="IFRS16_L0126" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F45931225" id="IFRS16_P2020">in the IASB&#x2019;s view, it is appropriate to focus on whether the customer has obtained control of a right-of-use asset to determine whether a contract contains a lease. The right-of-use asset gives rise to a corresponding lease liability if payments are made over time, but exists even if there is no lease liability (for example, when lease payments are fully prepaid). If an entity obtains the right to use an asset for a period of time, the contract contains a lease, regardless of the timing of payments for that right of use. The focus on the asset obtained in a lease also distinguishes leases from other contracts, such as service or supply arrangements.</p>           </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F45931227" id="IFRS16_P2021">many of the suggested indicators of &#x2018;financing arrangements&#x2019; focus on the form of the payments, and on those payments being similar to payments within a loan agreement. The IASB was concerned that if it focused on the form of an arrangement, rather than its substance:</p>             <ol base="F46204133" id="IFRS16_L0127" type="upper-alpha"><li><li_value>(A)</li_value>                 <p base="F45931230" id="IFRS16_P2022">many existing leases, including many existing finance leases and property leases, would no longer meet the definition of a lease, even when it is clear that the customer has obtained a right of use at contract commencement.</p>               </li><li><li_value>(B)</li_value>                 <p base="F45931232" id="IFRS16_P2023">it would be relatively easy to structure a contract to fail to meet the definition of a lease by, for example, changing the payment structure, while not changing the customer&#x2019;s right to use an asset.</p>               </li></ol>           </li></ol>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p base="F45931218" id="IFRS16_P2024"><xref base="F47962497" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IFRS16_X0899"><i>IFRS 15</i></xref>: the IASB considered whether to link the requirements on the definition of a lease more closely to the requirements in IFRS 15, in particular the requirements on whether a good or service is &#x2018;distinct&#x2019;. Applying such an approach, the concept of &#x2018;distinct&#x2019; could have been used to distinguish between contracts that contain distinct lease and service components (that an entity should unbundle and account for separately) and those that do not contain distinct lease and service components (and therefore would be accounted for entirely as a contract for services). The IASB did not adopt this approach because:</p>         <ol base="F45931234" id="IFRS16_L0128" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F45931235" id="IFRS16_P2025">the &#x2018;distinct&#x2019; requirements in IFRS 15 were developed to address a different objective from that of identifying a lease. They were developed to identify the nature of an entity&#x2019;s promises in a contract with a customer to ensure the most appropriate allocation and recognition of revenue. In contrast, the lease definition requirements aim to identify whether a customer has obtained the right to use an asset and, therefore, should recognise the assets and liabilities associated with that transaction. Because the &#x2018;distinct&#x2019; requirements in IFRS 15 were developed for a different purpose, applying those requirements might have resulted in customers failing to recognise items that meet the conceptual definition of assets and liabilities (see <xref base="F47962539" href="IFRS16_gBC22-BC34.dita#IFRS16_gBC22-BC34/IFRS16_gBC22-BC34_TI" id="IFRS16_X0900">paragraphs BC22&#x2013;BC27</xref>). The IASB thinks that control is a more appropriate basis on which to make this determination.</p>           </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F45931237" id="IFRS16_P2026">the IASB was concerned that a requirement to determine whether lease and service components were distinct would add unnecessary complexity to the guidance. This is because such an approach was expected to result in little difference in outcomes and yet would have included an additional requirement that could have been complicated to interpret and apply within the context of leases.</p>           </li></ol>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p base="F45931220" id="IFRS16_P2027"><i>Stand-alone utility</i>: the IASB considered whether to specify that a customer controls the use of an asset only if that asset has stand-alone utility to the customer, ie only if the customer has the ability to derive the economic benefits from use of an asset, either on its own or together with other resources that could be sourced in a reasonable period of time. The IASB decided not to add this criterion because:</p>         <ol base="F45931239" id="IFRS16_L0129" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p base="F45931240" id="IFRS16_P2028">the additional criterion is not necessary to appropriately determine if a customer controls the use of an asset. Such an approach is not used elsewhere in IFRS when assessing control of an asset, such as the purchase of an item of property, plant and equipment.</p>           </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p base="F45931242" id="IFRS16_P2029">entities might reach different conclusions for contracts that contain the same rights of use, depending on differences in customers&#x2019; resources or suppliers&#x2019; business models.</p>           </li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value>             <p base="F45931244" id="IFRS16_P2030">assessing whether the criterion had been met would have been subjective and required judgement beyond that required to apply the definition of a lease in <xref base="F47962540" href="IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" id="IFRS16_X0901">IFRS 16</xref>. It may also have had unintended consequences. In addition, the IASB did not identify any existing scenarios for which the inclusion of such a criterion would have been expected to change the lease conclusion. Consequently, the IASB concluded that the costs of including such a criterion would outweigh any possible benefits.</p>           </li></ol>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p base="F45931222" id="IFRS16_P2031"><i>Substantial services</i>: the IASB considered whether to require an entity to account for a contract with lease and service components entirely as a service if the service components are substantial and are the predominant portion of the overall contract. The IASB decided not to include this requirement. Again, in the IASB&#x2019;s view, if a contract conveys to the customer the right to use an asset, the contract contains a lease. The presence of services, no matter how substantial, does not change the rights of use that a lessee obtains. The IASB was concerned that similar rights of use could be accounted for differently because services of a more significant value had been bundled together with some right-of-use assets and not with others.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>