<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F45931274" id="IFRS16_BC135"><paranum>BC135</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC135"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P2043">The objective of the Leases project is to change the accounting for leases&#x2014;not the accounting for services. The IASB, therefore, took the view that <xref base="F47962548" href="IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" id="IFRS16_X0917">IFRS 16</xref> should apply only to the lease components of any contract. The accounting for services (or the service components of a contract) should not be affected, regardless of whether the contract is only for services or includes the purchase, or lease, of an asset as well as services. Accordingly, IFRS 16 requires:</p><ol base="F45931276" id="IFRS16_L0130" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F45931277" id="IFRS16_P2044">a lessor to separate lease components and non-lease components of a contract.  On the basis of feedback received from lessors, the IASB concluded that a lessor should be able to separate payments made for lease and non-lease components. This is because the lessor would need to have information about the value of each component, or a reasonable estimate of it, when pricing the contract.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F45931280" id="IFRS16_P2045">a lessee to separate lease components and non-lease components of a contract, unless it applies a practical expedient whereby it is not required to separate a lease component from any associated non-lease components and can instead elect to treat these as a single lease component. The IASB decided to permit this practical expedient for cost benefit reasons and in response to requests from preparers not to require separation in all scenarios. In the IASB&#x2019;s view, the practical expedient will reduce cost and complexity for some lessees, while not creating significant issues of comparability. This is because, in general, a lessee is not expected to adopt the practical expedient for contracts with significant service components because that would significantly increase the lessee&#x2019;s lease liabilities for those contracts. The IASB expects that lessees are likely to adopt this practical expedient only when the non-lease components of a contract are relatively small. </p></li></ol></body></paragraph>