<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="IFRS2020-2" principles="no" id="IFRS16_BC240A"><paranum>BC240A</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC240A"/></prolog><body><p>In 2020, when the Board provided lessees with a practical expedient for rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the covid-19 pandemic (see paragraphs BC205A&#x2013;BC205G), the Board considered whether to provide similar practical relief for lessors. Lessors informed the Board that, like lessees, they face many practical challenges associated with large volumes of covid-19-related rent concessions. Having considered the feedback, the Board decided not to provide a practical expedient for lessors for the following reasons:</p><ol type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value>         <p><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 16</ph></ph> does not specify how a lessor accounts for a change in lease payments that is not a lease modification&#x2014;this is a consequence of the Board&#x2019;s decision to substantially carry forward the lessor accounting requirements in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IAS 17</ph></ph> when it developed <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 16</ph></ph> (see paragraphs BC57&#x2013;BC66). Consequently, to ensure consistency in financial reporting, a practical expedient for lessors would have to include new recognition and measurement requirements. Such requirements might not effectively address all of the practical challenges identified by lessors, and might have unintended consequences. Such requirements would also take time to develop, preventing a practical expedient from being provided in time to be useful.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value>         <p>Any practical expedient would adversely affect the comparability of, and interaction between, the lessor accounting requirements in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 16</ph></ph> and related requirements in other Standards, thus impairing the quality of information provided to users of financial statements. For example, the lessor accounting requirements in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 16</ph></ph> interact with:</p>         <ol type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value>             <p><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph></ph> for finance leases. A lessor applies <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph></ph> in accounting for particular finance lease modifications and, therefore, the accounting for those modifications is aligned with the accounting for modifications to similar financial assets within the scope of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 9</ph></ph>.</p>           </li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value>             <p><ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 15</ph></ph> for operating leases. The application of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 16</ph></ph> to operating lease modifications results in outcomes similar to those that result from the application of <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 15</ph></ph> to particular service contracts, and the definitions of a modification in <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 16</ph></ph> and <ph outputclass="standard_ref"><ph outputclass="standard_number">IFRS 15</ph></ph> are similar.</p>           </li></ol>       </li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value>         <p>Although acknowledging the practical challenges lessors face during the pandemic, the Board noted that, unlike lessees, lessors have not recently implemented a new accounting model for their leases.</p>       </li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value>         <p>The Board was of the view that accounting for covid-19-related rent concessions using the existing lessor accounting requirements provides useful information to users of financial statements.</p>       </li></ol></body></paragraph>