<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F45931769" id="IFRS16_BC217"><paranum>BC217</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC217"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P2191">The IASB decided that there are particular items of information that, if material, should be disclosed by lessees to meet the information needs of users of financial statements. The IASB noted the importance of comparable information being provided by different lessees and that comparability could be achieved by including some specific disclosure requirements in <xref base="F47962930" href="IFRS16_TOC.dita#IFRS16_TOC0001" id="IFRS16_X1029">IFRS 16</xref>. These disclosure requirements relate to the information that users of financial statements have identified as being most useful to their analyses and, consequently, that they would like to have for all lease portfolios that are material to an entity. Consequently, IFRS 16 requires a lessee to disclose:</p><ol base="F45931772" id="IFRS16_L0152" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F45931773" id="IFRS16_P2192">the carrying amount of right-of-use assets, and depreciation charge for those assets, split by class of underlying asset.  This information is useful in understanding the nature of a lessee&#x2019;s leasing activities and in comparing entities that lease their assets with those that purchase them.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F45931775" id="IFRS16_P2193">interest expense on lease liabilities.  Together with the disclosure of the carrying amount of lease liabilities separately from other liabilities (see <xref base="F47962931" href="IFRS16_BC208.dita#IFRS16_BC208" id="IFRS16_X1032">paragraph BC208</xref>),  this disclosure provides information about a lessee&#x2019;s lease obligations and finance costs.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F45931777" id="IFRS16_P2194">the expenses related to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets accounted for applying <xref base="F47964072" href="IFRS16_6.dita#IFRS16_6" id="IFRS16_X1034">paragraph 6 of IFRS 16</xref>, and the expense related to variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities.  These disclosures provide information about lease payments for which assets and liabilities are not recognised in the balance sheet.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p base="F45931779" id="IFRS16_P2195">total cash outflow for leases.  This disclosure was identified by users of financial statements as providing the most useful information about lease cash flows and is expected to help in forecasting future lease payments.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p base="F45931781" id="IFRS16_P2196">additions to right-of-use assets.  This disclosure provides comparable information about capital expenditure on leased and owned assets.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p base="F45931783" id="IFRS16_P2197">gains and losses arising from sale and leaseback transactions.  This disclosure helps to better understand the unique characteristics of sale and leaseback transactions and the effect that such transactions have on a lessee&#x2019;s financial performance.</p></li><li><li_value>(g)</li_value> <p base="F45931785" id="IFRS16_P2198">income from subleasing right-of-use assets.  This disclosure is useful because, along with the information about expenses related to leases discussed above, it provides a complete depiction of the overall income statement effect of an entity&#x2019;s leasing activities.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>