<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS16_BC13" base="F45930592"><paranum>BC13</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC13"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P1841">The Boards received 641 comment letters in response to the 2013 Exposure Draft. In addition, the Boards conducted extensive outreach on the proposals in the 2013 Exposure Draft, including:</p><ol id="IFRS16_L0107" base="F45930594" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1842" base="F45930595">consultations with over 270 users of financial statements based in Australia, Belgium, Canada, France, Hong Kong, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK and the US;</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1843" base="F45930597">fieldwork meetings with individual preparers of financial statements from various industries including consumer goods, retail, aviation, oil and gas, telecommunications and automotive industries. These meetings were held in Brazil, France, Germany, Japan, Spain, the UK and the US and included detailed discussions about the costs of implementation for those entities.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1844" base="F45930609">round table discussion held in London, Los Angeles, Norwalk, São Paulo and Singapore. These discussions were attended by approximately 100 stakeholder representatives.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1845" base="F45930611">meetings with the IASB&#x2019;s advisory bodies&#x2014;the Capital Markets Advisory Committee, the Global Preparers Forum, the IFRS Advisory Council and the Accounting Standards Advisory Forum.</p></li><li><li_value>(e)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1846" base="F45930613">outreach meetings with various other individual preparers and groups of preparers, standard-setters and regulators. These meetings included presentations during accounting conferences and at industry forums, and meetings with individual organisations or groups.</p></li><li><li_value>(f)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1847" base="F45930615">project webcasts that attracted over 2,000 participants.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>