<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS16_BC51" base="F45930775"><paranum>BC51</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC51"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P1915">Consequently, the IASB concluded that:</p><ol id="IFRS16_L0115" base="F45930777" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1916" base="F45930778">a lessee model that separately presents depreciation and interest for all leases recognised in the balance sheet provides information that is useful to the broadest range of users of financial statements. The IASB reached this conclusion for three main reasons:</p> <ol id="IFRS16_L0116" base="F45930784" type="lower-roman"><li><li_value>(i)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1917" base="F45930785">most users of financial statements consulted think that leases create assets and &#x2018;debt-like&#x2019; liabilities for a lessee. Consequently, they benefit from lessees recognising interest on those liabilities in a similar way to interest on other financial liabilities, because that enables them to perform meaningful ratio analyses. The same is true regarding the recognition of depreciation of right-of-use assets in a similar way to depreciation of other non-financial assets such as property, plant and equipment. The model is particularly beneficial for those users that rely on reported information without making adjustments.</p></li><li><li_value>(ii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1918" base="F45930787">the model is easy to understand&#x2014;a lessee recognises assets and financial liabilities, and corresponding amounts of depreciation and interest.</p></li><li><li_value>(iii)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1919" base="F45930789">the model addresses the concern of some users of financial statements that a dual model would perpetuate the risk of structuring to create a particular accounting outcome.</p></li></ol></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1920" base="F45930780">accounting for all leases recognised in the balance sheet in the same way appropriately reflects the fact that all leases result in a lessee obtaining the right to use an asset, regardless of the nature or remaining life of the underlying asset.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1921" base="F45930782">a single model reduces cost and complexity by removing the need to classify leases and the need for systems that can deal with two lessee accounting approaches.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>