<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph base="F45931895" id="IFRS16_BC262"><paranum>BC262</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC262"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P2253">In reaching its decisions on sale and leaseback transactions, the IASB noted that: </p><ol base="F45931897" id="IFRS16_L0157" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p base="F45931898" id="IFRS16_P2254">the presence of a leaseback (ie the seller-lessee obtaining the right to use the underlying asset for a period of time) does not, in isolation, preclude the seller-lessee from concluding that it has transferred the underlying asset to the buyer-lessor. This is because a lease is different from the purchase or sale of the underlying asset, in that a lease does not transfer control of the underlying asset to the lessee; instead, it transfers the right to control the use of the underlying asset for the period of the lease. Consequently, if there are no features in a sale and leaseback transaction that prevent sale accounting, the buyer-lessor is considered to obtain control of the underlying asset, and immediately transfer the right to control the use of that asset to the seller-lessee for the lease term. The fact that the buyer-lessor purchases the underlying asset from the entity that is the lessee in the subsequent leaseback does not change the buyer-lessor&#x2019;s ability to obtain control of the underlying asset.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p base="F45931900" id="IFRS16_P2255">many lessors purchase from a third party an asset that will be the subject of a lease only when the terms and conditions of the lease have already been negotiated. The lessor may not receive physical possession of the asset until the end of the lease term (for example, a vehicle could be delivered directly by a manufacturer to the lessee, even though the lessor purchases the vehicle from the manufacturer). Similarly, the buyer-lessor may not receive physical possession of the underlying asset in a sale and leaseback transaction until the end of the lease term. In the IASB&#x2019;s view, these circumstances do not, in isolation, preclude the seller-lessee from concluding that it has transferred the underlying asset to the buyer-lessor. In both cases, the IASB concluded that it is appropriate for the lessor to be deemed to control the asset immediately before the commencement date (if the sale of the underlying asset otherwise meets the requirements in <xref base="F47963199" href="../ifrs14/IFRS15_TOC.dita#IFRS15_TOC0001" id="IFRS16_X1110">IFRS 15</xref> for the transfer of an asset).</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p base="F45931902" id="IFRS16_P2256">IFRS 15 states that if an entity has a right to repurchase an asset (a call option), the customer does not obtain control of the asset, because the customer is limited in its ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset, even though the customer may have physical possession of the asset. Consequently, if the seller-lessee has a substantive repurchase option with respect to the underlying asset, then no sale has occurred.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>