<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS16_BC198" base="F45931687"><paranum>BC198</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC198"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P2148">The IASB decided that any foreign currency exchange differences relating to lease liabilities denominated in a foreign currency should be recognised in profit or loss, for the following reasons:</p><ol id="IFRS16_L0147" base="F45931689" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P2149" base="F45931691">this approach is consistent with the requirements for foreign exchange differences arising from other financial liabilities (for example, loans and previous finance lease liabilities accounted for applying IAS 17).</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P2150" base="F45931693">a lessee with a liability denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to foreign currency risk. Consequently, foreign currency exchange gains or losses recognised in profit or loss faithfully represent the economic effect of the lessee&#x2019;s currency exposure to the foreign exchange risk.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P2151" base="F45931695">if a lessee enters into derivatives to hedge its economic exposure to foreign currency risk, the recognition of foreign currency exchange differences relating to lease liabilities as an adjustment to the cost of right-of-use assets would prevent a natural offset of the economic exposure in profit or loss. This is because an entity would recognise any change in the foreign currency risk for the derivatives in profit or loss, whereas it would recognise the corresponding change in lease liabilities in the balance sheet&#x2014;thus introducing volatility as a result of reducing exposure to foreign currency risk. This mismatch could distort the reported economic position of the lessee.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P2152" base="F45931697">in the IASB&#x2019;s view, subsequent changes to a foreign exchange rate should not have any effect on the cost of a non-monetary item. Consequently, it would be inappropriate to include such changes in the remeasurement of the right-of-use asset.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>