<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE paragraph
  PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "../../../../DocTypes/com.ifrs.doctype/dtd/paragraph.dtd">
<paragraph id="IFRS16_BC14" base="F45930616"><paranum>BC14</paranum><prolog><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 16"/><data name="paranum" value="BC14"/></prolog><body><p id="IFRS16_P1848">The feedback received on the proposals in the 2013 Exposure Draft indicated that:</p><ol id="IFRS16_L0108" base="F45930618" type="lower-alpha"><li><li_value>(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1849" base="F45930619">consistently with the views they had expressed on the 2010 Exposure Draft, many stakeholders supported the recognition of a right-of-use asset and a lease liability by a lessee for all leases of more than 12 months in duration. These stakeholders included the majority of users of financial statements consulted, who were of the view that the proposed recognition of assets and liabilities by a lessee would provide them with a better starting point for their analyses.</p></li><li><li_value>(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1850" base="F45930621">nonetheless, many stakeholders had significant concerns about the proposed lessee accounting model. Some were of the view that the previous lessee accounting model in IAS 17 did not need to be changed, or that deficiencies in that model could be rectified by improving the disclosure requirements, instead of changing the recognition and measurement requirements. Others disagreed with one or more specific aspects of the proposed lessee accounting model, such as the proposed dual approach or the proposal to periodically reassess the measurement of lease assets and lease liabilities.</p></li><li><li_value>(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1851" base="F45930623">many stakeholders thought that the measurement proposals in the 2013 Exposure Draft represented a significant improvement over the proposals in the 2010 Exposure Draft, especially relating to simplifications in respect of variable lease payments and payments under renewal and purchase options. Nonetheless, the majority of stakeholders still had concerns about the cost and complexity of the proposals in the 2013 Exposure Draft. Specific areas of the proposals that stakeholders highlighted as being particularly costly or complex included the dual lessee and lessor accounting models (both the lease classification proposals and the accounting requirements), the reassessment proposals, the disclosure proposals and the scope of the transactions subject to the proposals.</p></li><li><li_value>(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS16_P1852" base="F45930625">the majority of stakeholders disagreed with the proposed lessor accounting model. Most of these stakeholders were of the view that the previous lessor accounting model in IAS 17 was not fundamentally flawed and should not be changed.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>