<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "ifrsTopic.dtd"><topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS07_footnotes" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic "><title class="- topic/title ">Footnotes</title><body class="- topic/body "><bodydiv class="- topic/bodydiv "><fn id="IFRS07_FN0001" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3416" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS07_44G.dita#IFRS07_44G" base="F16458911" id="IFRS07_X1719" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 44G</xref> was amended as a consequence of <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Limited Exemption from Comparative IFRS 7 Disclosures for First‑time Adopters</ph></ph> (Amendment to IFRS 1) issued in January 2010. The Board amended paragraph 44G to clarify its conclusions and intended transition for <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Improving Disclosures about Financial Instruments</ph></ph> (Amendments to IFRS 7).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0002" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3417" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> deleted paragraph B4 of IFRS 7.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0003" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3418" class="- topic/p ">In this guidance monetary amounts are denominated in ‘currency units (CU)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0004" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3419" class="- topic/p ">This reflects a shift in LIBOR from 5 per cent to 4.75 per cent and a movement of 0.15 per cent which, in the absence of other relevant changes in market conditions, is assumed to reflect changes in credit risk of the instrument.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0005" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3420" class="- topic/p ">CU150,000 × 8% = CU12,000</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0006" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3421" class="- topic/p ">PV = [CU12,000 × (1 - (1 + 0.0775))/0.0775] + CU150,000 × (1 + 0.0775)</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0007" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3422" class="- topic/p ">market price = [CU12,000 × (1 - (1 + 0.076))/0.076] + CU150,000 × (1 + 0.076)</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0008" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3423" class="- topic/p ">In <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Improvements to IFRSs</ph></ph> issued in May 2008, the Board amended paragraph IG13 and removed ‘total interest income’ as a component of finance costs. This amendment removed an inconsistency with paragraph 32 of IAS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Presentation of Financial Statements</ph></ph>, which precludes the offsetting of income and expenses (except when required or permitted by an IFRS).</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0009" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3424" class="- topic/p ">The information disclosed in the statement of changes in equity (cash flow hedge reserve) should have the same level of detail as these disclosures. </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0010" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3425" class="- topic/p ">This disclosure only applies to cash flow hedges of foreign currency risk.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0011" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3426" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS07_39.dita#IFRS07_39" base="F15833802" id="IFRS07_X1720" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 39(a)</xref> requires disclosure of a maturity analysis of liabilities.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0012" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3427" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS07_39.dita#IFRS07_39" base="F39220020" id="IFRS07_X1721" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 39(a)</xref> requires disclosure of a maturity analysis of liabilities.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0013" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3428" class="- topic/p ">See <xref href="IFRS07_44.dita#IFRS07_44" base="F15835094" id="IFRS07_X1722" class="- topic/xref "><none class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/none ">paragraph 44 of IFRS 7</none></xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0014" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3429" class="- topic/p ">See <xref href="IFRS07_44.dita#IFRS07_44" base="F37756717" id="IFRS07_X1723" class="- topic/xref "><none class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/none ">paragraph 44 of IFRS 7</none></xref></p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0015" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3430" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 17 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Insurance Contracts</ph></ph>, issued in May 2017, replaced IFRS 4.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0016" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3431" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> deleted paragraph B4 of IFRS 7.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0017" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3432" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> deleted paragraph B4 of IFRS 7.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0018" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3433" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> deleted paragraph B4 of IFRS 7.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0019" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3434" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IFRS 7 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0020" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3435" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IFRS 7 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0021" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3436" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 9. This paragraph refers to matters relevant when IFRS 7 was issued.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0022" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3437" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph>, issued in May 2011, defines fair value                  and contains requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements. As a consequence paragraphs 27–27B of IFRS 7 have been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0023" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3438" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines a Level 1 input                  as a quoted price in an active market                  for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs                  include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IAS 39 refers to such equity instruments as ‘an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0024" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3439" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines a Level 1 input                  as a quoted price in an active market                  for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs                  include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IAS 39 and IFRS 9 refer to such equity instruments as ‘an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0025" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3440" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 changed the measurement requirements for investments in equity instruments.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0026" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3441" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, defines a Level 1 input                  as a quoted price in an active market                  for an identical asset or liability. Level 2 inputs                  include quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. As a result IAS 39 and IFRS 9 refer to such equity instruments as ‘an equity instrument that does not have a quoted price in an active market for an identical instrument (ie a Level 1 input)’.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0027" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3442" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 changed the measurement requirements for investments in equity instruments.                </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0028" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3443" class="- topic/p ">In developing IFRS 17, the Board concluded that fair value could be determined for such financial instruments. The disclosure requirements for contracts within the scope of IFRS 17 are provided in IFRS 17.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0029" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3444" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, resulted in paragraph 27B(e) of IFRS 7 being deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0030" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3445" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a consequence of issuing that IFRS, paragraph B5.4.8 of IFRS 9 was deleted. However, in 2014 the requirements for amortised cost measurement and impairment were added to IFRS 9 as Sections 5.4 and 5.5. Paragraph B5.4.8 of IFRS 9 now contains requirements related to amortised cost measurement.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0031" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3446" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains a three‑level fair value hierarchy                  for the inputs                  used in the valuation techniques                  used to measure fair value and for the related disclosures.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0032" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3447" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains a three‑level fair value hierarchy for the inputs used in the valuation techniques used to measure fair value and for the related disclosures. That hierarchy is identical to the hierarchy in Topic 820 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Fair Value Measurement</ph></ph> in the <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">FASB Accounting Standards Codification</ph></ph>, which codified SFAS 157. </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0033" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3448" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a result paragraphs AG71–AG73 of IAS 39 have been deleted. In addition, the requirements in paragraph AG76A have been relocated to paragraph AG76(b).                </p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0034" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3449" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a consequence of issuing that IFRS, paragraphs B5.4.3–B5.4.5 of IFRS 9 were deleted and paragraph B5.4.9 of IFRS 9 was relocated to paragraphs B5.1.2A and B5.2.2A. However, in 2014 the requirements for amortised cost measurement and impairment were added to IFRS 9 as Sections 5.4 and 5.5. Paragraphs B5.4.3–B5.4.5 and paragraph B5.4.9 of IFRS 9 now contain requirements related to amortised cost measurement.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0035" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3450" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a consequence of issuing that IFRS, paragraph B5.4.8 of IFRS 9 was deleted. However, in 2014 the requirements for amortised cost measurement and impairment were added to IFRS 9 as Sections 5.4 and 5.5. Paragraph B5.4.8 of IFRS 9 now contains requirements related to amortised cost measurement.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0036" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3451" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, requires disclosures about fair value measurements.                  As a consequence paragraphs 27–27B of IFRS 7 have been deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0037" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3452" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, resulted in paragraph 27 of IFRS 7 being deleted.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0038" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3453" class="- topic/p ">In 2006 IAS 14 was replaced by IFRS 8 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Operating Segments</ph></ph>.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0039" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3454" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> deleted paragraph 36(c) of IFRS 7.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0040" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3455" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 9 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> deleted paragraph 37 of IFRS 7.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0041" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3456" class="- topic/p ">Amendments to IFRS 7 issued in March 2009 amended paragraph 39 and paragraphs B11–B16. The paragraph references in paragraph BC57 have not been amended as a result of these amendments.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0042" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3457" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_number" class="- topic/ph ">IFRS 9</ph> <ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Financial Instruments</ph></ph> replaced IAS 39. IFRS 9 applies to all items that were previously within the scope of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0043" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3458" class="- topic/p "> If IFRS 9 has not been applied early, the equivalent reference is paragraph 19(a)–(c) of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0044" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3459" class="- topic/p ">If IFRS 9 has not been applied early, the equivalent references are paragraphs 20(c)(ii) and 30 of IAS 39.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0045" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3460" class="- topic/p "><ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2014–2016 Cycle</ph></ph>, issued in December 2016, amended <xref href="../ifrs01/IFRS01_TOC.dita#IFRS01_TOC" base="F60693328" scope="local" id="IFRS07_X1740" class="- topic/xref ">IFRS 1 <ph outputclass="standard_ref" class="- topic/ph "><ph outputclass="standard_title" class="- topic/ph ">First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards</ph></ph></xref> by deleting the short-term exemption for first-time adopters (see <xref href="../ifrs01/IFRS01_gBC99-BC99.dita#IFRS01_gBC99_BC99/IFRS01_gBC99_BC99_TI" base="F60693327" id="IFRS07_X1741" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph BC99 of IFRS 1</xref>), because it was no longer applicable.</p>       </fn><fn id="IFRS07_FN0046" class="- topic/fn ">       <p id="IFRS07_P3461" class="- topic/p ">IFRS 13, issued in May 2011, contains the requirements for measuring fair value. As a consequence of issuing that IFRS, paragraph B5.4.8 of IFRS 9 was deleted. However, in 2014 the requirements for amortised cost measurement and impairment were added to IFRS 9 as Sections 5.4 and 5.5. Paragraph B5.4.8 of IFRS 9 now contains requirements related to amortised cost measurement.</p>       </fn></bodydiv></body></topic>