<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS07_IG32" base="F95480" principles="no" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">IG32</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 7" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IG32" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS07_P2037" class="- topic/p "><xref href="IFRS07_40.dita#IFRS07_40" id="IFRS07_X1179" base="F15833563" class="- topic/xref ">Paragraph 40(a)</xref> requires a sensitivity analysis for each type of market risk to which the entity is exposed. There are three types of market risk: interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk. Other price risk may include risks such as equity price risk, commodity price risk, prepayment risk (ie the risk that one party to a financial asset will incur a financial loss because the other party repays earlier or later than expected), and residual value risk (eg a lessor of motor cars that writes residual value guarantees is exposed to residual value risk). Risk variables that are relevant to disclosing market risk include, but are not limited to:</p><ol outputclass="static" id="IFRS07_L0152" base="SL160872" type="lower-alpha" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(a)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P2038" base="SL160874" class="- topic/p ">the yield curve of market interest rates. It may be necessary to consider both parallel and non‑parallel shifts in the yield curve.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(b)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P2039" base="SL160876" class="- topic/p ">foreign exchange rates.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(c)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P2040" base="SL160878" class="- topic/p ">prices of equity instruments.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><li_value class="+ topic/ph ifrs-d/li_value ">(d)</li_value> <p id="IFRS07_P2041" base="SL160880" class="- topic/p ">market prices of commodities.</p></li></ol></body></paragraph>