<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS07_IG40D" base="F17297240" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">IG40D</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 7" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="IG40D" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p outputclass="keep_with_next" id="IFRS07_P2368" class="- topic/p ">The following examples illustrate ways in which an entity might provide the quantitative disclosures required by <xref href="IFRS07_13C.dita#IFRS07_13C" base="F17328394" id="IFRS07_X1215" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 13C</xref>. However, these illustrations do not address all possible ways of applying the disclosure requirements as set out in <xref href="IFRS07_13B.dita#IFRS07_13B" base="F17328392" id="IFRS07_X1216" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs 13B–13E</xref>.</p><table outputclass="ruled" base="F17297241" frame="all" orient="port" pgwide="0" id="IFRS07_TAB0027" class="- topic/table "><tgroup cols="1" class="- topic/tgroup "><colspec align="left" colnum="1" colsep="0" rowsep="0" colname="C1" colwidth="100*" class="- topic/colspec "/><tbody class="- topic/tbody "><row keep_together="1" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS07_P2369" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Background</b></p>               <p base="F17297243" id="IFRS07_P2370" class="- topic/p ">An entity has entered into transactions subject to an enforceable master netting arrangement or similar agreement with the following counterparties. The entity has the following recognised financial assets and financial liabilities resulting from those transactions that meet the scope of the disclosure requirements in <xref href="IFRS07_13A.dita#IFRS07_13A" base="F17328393" id="IFRS07_X1217" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 13A</xref>.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS07_P2371" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Counterparty A:</b></p>               <p base="F17297245" id="IFRS07_P2372" class="- topic/p ">The entity has a derivative asset (fair value of CU100 million) and a derivative liability (fair value of CU80 million) with Counterparty A that meet the offsetting criteria in <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_42.dita#IAS32_42/IAS32_42_V2" base="F19328292" id="IFRS07_X1218" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 42 of IAS 32</xref>. Consequently, the gross derivative liability is set off against the gross derivative asset, resulting in the presentation of a net derivative asset of CU20 million in the entity’s statement of financial position. Cash collateral has also been received from Counterparty A for a portion of the net derivative asset (CU10 million). The cash collateral of CU10 million does not meet the offsetting criteria in <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_42.dita#IAS32_42/IAS32_42_V2" base="F19328293" id="IFRS07_X1219" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 42 of IAS 32</xref>, but it can be set off against the net amount of the derivative asset and derivative liability in the case of default and insolvency or bankruptcy, in accordance with an associated collateral arrangement.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS07_P2373" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Counterparty B:</b></p>               <p base="F17297247" id="IFRS07_P2374" class="- topic/p ">The entity has a derivative asset (fair value of CU100 million) and a derivative liability (fair value of CU80 million) with Counterparty B that do not meet the offsetting criteria in <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_42.dita#IAS32_42/IAS32_42_V2" base="F19328294" id="IFRS07_X1220" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 42 of IAS 32</xref>, but which the entity has the right to set off in the case of default and insolvency or bankruptcy. Consequently, the gross amount of the derivative asset (CU100 million) and the gross amount of the derivative liability (CU80 million) are presented separately in the entity’s statement of financial position. Cash collateral has also been received from Counterparty B for the net amount of the derivative asset and derivative liability (CU20 million). The cash collateral of CU20 million does not meet the offsetting criteria in paragraph 42 of IAS 32, but it can be set off against the net amount of the derivative asset and derivative liability in the case of default and insolvency or bankruptcy, in accordance with an associated collateral arrangement.</p>             </entry></row><row keep_together="2" class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p typeface="sansserif" id="IFRS07_P2375" class="- topic/p "><b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Counterparty C:</b> </p>               <p base="F17297249" id="IFRS07_P2376" class="- topic/p ">The entity has entered into a sale and repurchase agreement with Counterparty C that is accounted for as a collateralised borrowing. The carrying amount of the financial assets (bonds) used as collateral and posted by the entity for the transaction is CU79 million and their fair value is CU85 million. The carrying amount of the collateralised borrowing (repo payable) is CU80 million.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F17297250" id="IFRS07_P2377" class="- topic/p ">The entity has also entered into a reverse sale and repurchase agreement with Counterparty C that is accounted for as a collateralised lending. The fair value of the financial assets (bonds) received as collateral (and not recognised in the entity’s statement of financial position) is CU105 million. The carrying amount of the collateralised lending (reverse repo receivable) is CU90 million.</p>             </entry></row><row class="- topic/row "><entry colname="C1" class="- topic/entry ">               <p base="F17297251" id="IFRS07_P2378" class="- topic/p ">The transactions are subject to a global master repurchase agreement with a right of set-off only in default and insolvency or bankruptcy and therefore do not meet the offsetting criteria in <xref href="../ias32/IAS32_42.dita#IAS32_42/IAS32_42_V2" base="F19328295" id="IFRS07_X1221" class="- topic/xref ">paragraph 42 of IAS 32</xref>. Consequently, the related repo payable and repo receivable are presented separately in the entity’s statement of financial position.</p>             </entry></row></tbody></tgroup></table></body></paragraph>