<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE paragraph PUBLIC "-//IFRS//DTD DITA Paragraph//EN" "paragraph.dtd"><paragraph xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="IFRS02_BC4" base="SL34192" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic paragraph)            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            a(props valid_from)                            a(props valid_to)                            a(props edu)                            a(props subscription)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic ifrs-d)                            (topic ifrsElements-c)                               (topic principlesAtt-c)   (topic decimalAtt-c)   (topic double_underlineAtt-c)   (topic keep_togetherAtt-c)   (topic rotateAtt-c)   (topic tintAtt-c)   (topic background_colorAtt-c)   (topic line_colorAtt-c)   (topic font_colorAtt-c)   (topic typeAtt-c)   (topic reference_labelAtt-c)   (topic toc_labelAtt-c)   (topic typefaceAtt-c)   (topic typestyleAtt-c)   (topic layoutAtt-c)   (topic indentedAtt-c)   (topic levelAtt-c)   (topic issueAtt-c)   (topic amendment_idAtt-c)   (topic versionAtt-c)   (topic updAtt-c)     " class="- topic/topic paragraph/paragraph "><paranum class="- topic/title paragraph/paranum "/><titlealts class="- topic/titlealts "><navtitle class="- topic/navtitle ">BC4</navtitle></titlealts><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><data name="standard_number" value="IFRS 2" class="- topic/data "/><data name="paranum" value="BC4" class="- topic/data "/></prolog><body class="- topic/body "><p id="IFRS02_P1962" class="- topic/p ">Few countries have standards on the topic. This is a concern in many countries, because the use of share‑based payment has increased in recent years and continues to spread. Various standard‑setting bodies have been working on this issue. At the time the IASB added a project on share‑based payment to its agenda in July 2001, some standard‑setters had recently published proposals. For example, the German Accounting Standards Committee published a draft accounting standard <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting for Share Option Plans and Similar Compensation Arrangements</i> in June 2001. The UK Accounting Standards Board led the development of the Discussion Paper <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting for Share‑based Payment</i>, published in July 2000 by IASC, the ASB and other bodies represented in the G4+1.<xref keyref="footnotes/IFRS02_FN0030" type="fn" class="- topic/xref "/> The Danish Institute of State Authorised Public Accountants issued a Discussion Paper <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The Accounting Treatment of Share‑based Payment</i> in April 2000. More recently, in December 2002, the Accounting Standards Board of Japan published a Summary Issues Paper on share‑based payment. In March 2003, the US Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) added to its agenda a project to review US accounting requirements on share‑based payment. Also, the Canadian Accounting Standards Board (AcSB) recently completed its project on share‑based payment. The AcSB standard requires recognition of all share‑based payment transactions, including transactions in which share options are granted to employees (discussed further in <xref href="IFRS02_BC281.dita#IFRS02_BC281" id="IFRS02_X0883" base="F15998400" class="- topic/xref ">paragraphs BC281 and BC282</xref>).</p></body></paragraph>